Bitcoin surges, exchanges run hot, and Coinbase glitches -- lather, rinse, repeat. Following widespread reports that Coinbase users were logging in to see zero balances in their wallets, CEO Brian Armstrong said Wednesday afternoon that the problem had been fixed.

"We had modeled a ~10x surge in traffic and load tested it," Armstrong said on Twitter. "This exceeded that number.

"It's expensive to keep services over-provisioned, but we'll need to keep working on auto-scaling solutions and killing any remaining bottlenecks," he continued. "Thank you for bearing with us."

Earlier, Armstrong said that Coinbase was dealing with "a LARGE surge of traffic," apologizing for any issues encountered.

Cryptocurrency exchanges often experience outages during Bitcoin rallies, which bring massive surges in user traffic and trading activity along with intensified unpredictability of Bitcoin's price. If exchanges could reliably predict such surges and provision their data centers ahead of time, they would probably be wealthy enough to not need customers.

Even so, coinbase's history of going down during surges in traffic prompted crypto Twitter another opportunity to poke fun at the exchange, designating the familiar technical difficulties as a positive market indicator.

"Coinbase crashing is a bullish signal," Chateau Capital co-founder and COO Alex Valaitis said. "Retail is coming back!"

"This is like the canary in the coal mine that the giga bull is just getting started," Zen Academy founder Zeneca said. "Retail... is coming?"

The history of bad days for Coinbase coming with good days for Bitcoin is well established. In 2017, Coinbase crashed as Bitcoin surged toward its then-all-time high of $19,345. Coinbase again crashed in April 2020 as the price of Bitcoin rose 15% overnight on April 29 as Bitcoin investors prepared for the Bitcoin halving in May and FOMO set in.

Coinbase crashed once more in January 2021 as the price of Bitcoin approached $40,000 before falling 25%, $8000, to $32000 the next day. When the value of BTC fell more than 30 percent in 24 hours in May of that year, another crash. What about when Bitcoin hit its all-time high in November 2021?

Coinbase reported "connectivity issues again" a couple of weeks later.

Traditional exchanges operate for 6 to 8 hours a day, five days a week, giving their developers ample time to address technical issues. Crypto exchanges generally operate 24/7, making it much more challenging to maintain the system, especially during times of high traffic.

Feb 28 (Reuters) - Wall Street's top regulator will vote on March 6 on whether to adopt rules requiring U.S.-listed companies to report climate-related risks, the agency said in a notice on Wednesday, in a potentially major overhaul of U.S. disclosure rules.

The Securities and Exchange Commission rules aim to standardize climate-related company disclosures about greenhouse gas emissions, risks and how much money they are spending on the transition to a low-carbon economy. The agency says that such information is important for investors.

Currently, US securities regulations do not impose common standards for climate-related disclosures. But the agency says that investors need such information to be consistent and comparable across the many companies increasingly producing climate information on their own terms.

First proposed two years ago, the rules are part of Democratic President Joe Biden's agenda to address climate change threats through federal agencies, and would join similar requirements in Europe and California.

Top Democratic lawmakers, reform advocates and environmental groups have urged the SEC to adopt "strong" rules requiring detailed disclosures of emissions, risks and capital spending.

"The information that it would require about a company's greenhouse gas emissions is critically important to investor decision-making," Washington advocacy group Better Markets recently wrote in a note urging the SEC to adopt the rules.

But the pending regulations have been bogged down by pushback from companies and Republican state officials who say they overreach the SEC's remit and will be burdensome for companies. They are expected to bring legal challenges once the rule is finalized.

While the SEC has not published a final draft, it has dropped its most ambitious "Scope 3" plank which would have required companies to disclose emissions from their supply chains, Reuters reported on Feb. 23. That change could help the rule withstand court challenges, sources said.

The SEC has also softened requirements for disclosures of Scopes 1 and 2 emissions - pollution categories for which companies are directly responsible, people familiar with the matter told Reuters.

The initial proposal made these disclosures mandatory. But the draft rule now under consideration would compel such disclosures only if companies deem they are material, meaning in some instances they might not be reported at all, the people said.

A spokesperson for the SEC said the agency would not comment on possible changes to regulations in development. "Based on the public feedback, the staff and the Commission consider possible adjustments to the proposals and whether it's appropriate to move forward to a final adoption," the spokesperson said.

The proposed regulations stand out for their scale and importance. They could prove to be the biggest overhaul of U.S. disclosure requirements in a generation, some securities law experts say. They have attracted more than 16,000 public comments, the most in the SEC's history, SEC Chair Gary Gensler has said. If the rules survive, they could prove to be Gensler's crowning legacy.

The SEC's five politically appointed commissioners will vote on whether to adopt the rules. Democratic Commissioner Caroline Crenshaw has defended the rules as originally drafted, according to a different source familiar with her thinking. However, Gensler, also a Democrat, generally only schedules votes he expects to win, suggesting he has Crenshaw's support.

Crenshaw's office did not respond to a request for comment.

Concerns over whether the rules could withstand a legal challenge were fueled by a 2022 Supreme Court decision curbing the Environmental Protection Agency's power to regulate emissions. Encouraged by a more conservative-leaning judiciary skeptical of regulatory overreach, business groups are also generally growing bolder about litigating agency rules. (Reporting by Douglas Gillison in Washington Additional reporting by Christine Prentice and Isla Binnie in New York and Ross Kerber in Boston Editing by Michelle Price and Matthew Lewis)

Pelangio Exploration Announces Private Placement for Gross Proceeds up to $500,000

THIS NEWS RELEASE IS INTENDED FOR DISTRIBUTION IN CANADA ONLY AND IS NOT INTENDED FOR DISTRIBUTION TO UNITED STATES NEWSWIRE SERVICES OR DISSEMINATION IN THE UNITED STATES

TORONTO, ON / ACCESSWIRE / February 28, 2024 / Pelangio Exploration Inc. (TSXV:PX)(OTC PINK:PGXPF) ("Pelangio" or the "Company") is pleased to announce a non-brokered private placement for gross proceeds of up to $500,000 (the "Offering"). The Offering will consist of the sale of units (the "Units") of the Company at a price of $0.015 per Unit. Each Unit consists of one common share of the Company (a "Common Share") and one Common Share purchase warrant ("Warrant"). Each whole Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Common Share at a price of $0.05 for a period of five years from the initial closing date of the Offering. The Company intends to use the gross proceeds for working capital, including up to 10% for settling non-arm's length payables, as well as general corporate purposes including land maintenance costs.

The Offering is subject to customary closing conditions including, but not limited to, receipt of applicable regulatory approvals, including approval of the TSX-V. The closing of the Offering may occur in one or more tranches, with the initial closing date of the Offering expected to occur on or around March 30, 2024 and is not subject to receipt of a minimum amount of gross proceeds. The securities issued pursuant to the Offering will be subject to a four-month and one day hold period in accordance with applicable Canadian securities laws and TSX-V policies. The Offering is open to participation by insiders.

The securities offered have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of the securities in any State in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful.

About Pelangio

Pelangio acquires and explores prospective land packages located in world-class gold belts in Ghana, West Africa and Canada. In Ghana, the Company is focused on its two 100% owned camp-sized properties: the 100 km2 Manfo property, the site of eight near-surface gold discoveries, and the 284 km2 Obuasi property, located 4 km on strike and adjacent to AngloGold Ashanti's prolific high-grade Obuasi Mine, as well as the Dankran property located adjacent to its Obuasi property. In Canada, the Company is currently focused in Ontario at its gold, silver, zinc polymetallic Kenogaming project, located 63 km southwest of Timmins and at its Gowan polymetallic project, located 16 km east of the Kidd Creek Mine. See www.pelangio.com for further detail on all Pelangio's properties.

Certain statements herein may contain forward-looking statements and forward-looking information within the meaning of applicable securities laws. Forward-looking statements or information appear in a number of places and can be identified by the use of words such as "plans", "expects" or "does not expect", "is expected", "budget", "scheduled", "estimates", "forecasts", "intends", "anticipates" or "does not anticipate" or "believes" or variations of such words and phrases or statements that certain actions, events or results "may", "could", "would", "might" or "will" be taken, occur or be achieved. Forward-looking statements and information include statements regarding the Offering generally, the proceeds that may be raised in connection with the Offering, the proposed use of proceeds and the Company's exploration plans. With respect to forward-looking statements and information contained herein, we have made numerous assumptions, including assumptions about our ability to close additional tranches of the Offering in a timely manner, if at all, and the state of the equity markets. Such forward-looking statements and information are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the Company's actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results, to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statement or information. Such risks include the ability of the Company to meet the conditions of closing, our ability to conduct our exploration programs as planned, changes in equity markets, share price volatility, volatility of global and local economic climate, gold price volatility, political developments in Ghana, increases in costs, exchange rate fluctuations, speculative nature of gold exploration and other risks involved in the gold exploration industry. See the Company's annual and quarterly financial statements and management's discussion and analysis for additional information on risks and uncertainties relating to the forward-looking statement and information. There can be no assurance that a forward-looking statement or information referenced herein will prove to be accurate, as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements or information. Also, many of the factors are beyond the control of the Company. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements or information. We undertake no obligation to reissue or update any forward-looking statements or information except as required by law. All forward-looking statements and information herein are qualified by this cautionary statement.

CLEVELAND, Feb. 28, 2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Sotera Health Company (Nasdaq: SHC) (the "Company") today announced the pricing of its secondary offering (the "Offering") of 25,000,000 shares of its common stock, par value $0.01 per share, at a price to the public of $14.75 per share. All 25,000,000 shares are being offered by selling stockholders, which include certain affiliates of Warburg Pincus LLC and GTCR LLC, as well as two members of management and one member of the Board of Directors of the Company. In addition, the selling stockholders have granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 3,750,000 shares of common stock. The Company is not offering any shares in the Offering and will not receive any of the proceeds from the Offering. The Company has agreed to pay certain Offering expenses consistent with its obligations under its Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement.

The Offering is expected to close on March 4, 2024, subject to customary closing conditions.

J.P. Morgan, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Citigroup and Jefferies are acting as joint lead book-running managers and as representatives of the underwriters for the Offering. Barclays, RBC Capital Markets and Santander US Capital Markets LLC are acting as joint book-running managers for the Offering. BNP PARIBAS, KeyBanc Capital Markets, Citizens JMP, Academy Securities, Loop Capital Markets, Penserra Securities LLC, Siebert Williams Shank and Tigress Financial Partners are acting as co-managers for the Offering.

The Offering is being made only by means of a prospectus. Copies of the final prospectus relating to the Offering may be obtained, when available, from: J.P. Morgan Securities, LLC, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, by telephone at 1-866-803-9204 or by email at prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com; Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 200 West Street, New York, NY 10282, by telephone 1-866-471-2526 or by email at Prospectus-ny@ny.email.gs.com; Citigroup, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717 (Tel: 800-831-9146); or Jefferies LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate Prospectus Department, 520 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10022, by telephone 1-877-821-7338 or by email at Prospectus_Department@Jefferies.com.

A registration statement relating to these securities was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 27, 2024 and became effective automatically.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any sale of, these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

Forward-looking Statements:

Statements in this press release regarding the Company that are not historical facts are "forward-looking statements" that involve risks and uncertainties. Certain of these risks and uncertainties are described in the Company's registration statement on Form S-3 filed with the SEC, including under the headings "Risk Factors" and "Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" and under the headings "Risk Factors" and "Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" in the Company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. Forward-looking statements made in this release speak only as of the date of this release, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update the information contained in this press release to reflect subsequently occurring events or circumstances, except as required by law.

About Sotera Health:

Sotera Health Company is a leading global provider of mission-critical end-to-end sterilization solutions and lab testing and advisory services for the healthcare industry. Sotera Health goes to market through three businesses - Sterigenics, Nordion and Nelson Labs. Sotera Health is committed to its mission, Safeguarding Global Health.

Glancy Prongay & Murray LLP ("GPM"), announces that it has filed a class action lawsuit in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey, captioned Khalsa v. The Children's Place, Inc., et al., Case No. 24-cv-1182, on behalf of persons and entities that purchased or otherwise acquired The Children's Place, Inc. ("The Children's Place" or the "Company") (NASDAQ: PLCE) securities between March 16, 2023 and February 8, 2024, inclusive (the "Class Period"). Plaintiff pursues claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act").

Investors are hereby notified that they have 60 days from the date of this notice to move the Court to serve as lead plaintiff in this action.

If you suffered a loss on your The Children's Place investments or would like to inquire about potentially pursuing claims to recover your loss under the federal securities laws, you can submit your contact information at https://www.glancylaw.com/cases/The-Childrens-Place-Inc/. You can also contact Charles H. Linehan, of GPM at 310-201-9150, Toll-Free at 888-773-9224, or via email at shareholders@glancylaw.com or visit our website at www.glancylaw.com to learn more about your rights.

On February 9, 2024, before the market opened, The Children's Place announced its preliminary fourth quarter fiscal year 2023 financial results. Therein, the Company revealed that it now expected fourth quarter net sales between $454 million and $456 million, falling short of previously issued guidance. The Company also disclosed that it would expect to incur an adjusted operating loss in the fourth quarter in range of (9.0%) to (8.0%) of net sales, which reflected the impact of "lower than expected merchandise margins resulting from more aggressive promotions in an effort to maximize sales, higher than anticipated split shipments to meet customer e-commerce demand, and increased inventory valuation adjustment."

On this news, the Company's share price fell $7.25 or 37%, to close at $12.51 per share on February 9, 2024, on unusually heavy trading volume.

The complaint filed in this class action alleges that throughout the Class Period, Defendants made materially false and/or misleading statements, as well as failed to disclose material adverse facts about the Company's business, operations, and prospects. Specifically, Defendants failed to disclose to investors: (1) that the Company was engaged in aggressive promotions; (2) that, as a result, the Company's inventory values were overstated; (3) that the foregoing was reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on fiscal 2023 financial results; and (4) that, as a result of the foregoing, Defendants' positive statements about the Company's business, operations, and prospects were materially misleading and/or lacked a reasonable basis.

Follow us for updates on LinkedIn, Twitter, or Facebook.

If you purchased or otherwise acquired The Children's Place securities during the Class Period, you may move the Court no later than 60 days from the date of this notice to ask the Court to appoint you as lead plaintiff. To be a member of the Class you need not take any action at this time; you may retain counsel of your choice or take no action and remain an absent member of the Class. If you wish to learn more about this action, or if you have any questions concerning this announcement or your rights or interests with respect to these matters, please contact Charles Linehan, Esquire, of GPM, 1925 Century Park East, Suite 2100, Los Angeles California 90067 at 310-201-9150, Toll-Free at 888-773-9224, by email to shareholders@glancylaw.com, or visit our website at www.glancylaw.com. If you inquire by email please include your mailing address, telephone number and number of shares purchased.

This press release may be considered Attorney Advertising in some jurisdictions under the applicable law and ethical rules.

STORY: Stocks closed lower on Wednesday, a day ahead of key inflation data that could heavily shape expectations for the timing of an interest rate cut from the Federal Reserve.

The personal consumption expenditures price index, the Fed's preferred inflation gauge, is expected to show prices ticked 0.3% higher on a monthly basis in January.

The Dow finished Wednesday off about one-tenth of one percent. The S&P 500 slipped two tenths and the Nasdaq fell about half of one percent.

The down day occurred after a lengthy rally peaked last week on enthusiasm around the potential for artificial intelligence after Nvidia reported quarterly earnings.

Adam Phillips, managing director of investments at EP Wealth Advisors said he thinks stocks are due for a pullback.

"Over the short term, we I would say we are still pretty cautious on the market. We are trying to remind our clients that the the gains that we've seen since late October more than 20% for the S&P 500 and and really same thing for the Equal Weighted index. If you just neutralize the impact of technology stocks it's it's really represented more than a year's worth of gains."

Stocks on the move included UnitedHealthcare which lost three percent. It was the biggest drag on the Dow and one of the largest on the S&P 500 after a report on Tuesday said the U.S. Department of Justice had launched an antitrust investigation into the healthcare conglomerate.

And dating app Bumble plunged 15%, trading near an all-time low after giving a weak first quarter outlook.

The law firm of Kirby McInerney LLP reminds investors that a class action lawsuit has been filed in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California on behalf of those who acquired Xponential Fitness, Inc. ("Xponential" or the "Company") (NYSE: XPOF) securities during the period of July 26, 2021 to December 7, 2023 inclusive ("the Class Period"). Investors have until April 9, 2024 to apply to the Court to be appointed as lead plaintiff in the lawsuit.

[Click here to learn more about the class action]

On June 26, 2023, Fuzzy Panda published a report on Xponential, which, among other things, represented that: (i) CEO Anthony Geisler, has a long history of misleading investors; (ii) Xponential issued a series of misleading statements about its store closures and the overall financial health of its franchisee base; (iii) more than 50% of Xponential's studios have never made a positive financial return; (iv) more than 100 of Xponential's franchises are priced for sale at least 75% less than their initial cost; (v) 8 out of 10 Xponential brands are losing money monthly; (vi) Xponential's publicly reported same-store sales ("SSS")and average unit volume ("AUV") metrics misleadingly exclude underperforming stores; (vii) over 60% of Xponential's revenue is one-time and non-recurring; and (viii) at least 30 Xponential stores have permanently closed. On this news, the price of Xponential shares declined by $9.39, or approximately 37.4%, from $25.11 per share to close at $15.72 on June 27, 2023.

Then, on December 7, 2023, Businessweek published an article titled "Club Pilates, Pure Barre Owners Say Xponential Left Them Bankrupt," which stated that Businessweek had interviewed multiple former business partners, employees, and franchisees of Xponential who contended that Xponential misled many franchisees into a "financial nightmare." The article further stated CEO Geisler "has a track record of combative management, deploying growth-at-all-costs tactics and unleashing aggressive reprisals against anyone who gets in his way." On this news, the price of Xponential shares declined by $3.20, or approximately 26.3% over two trading days, from $12.19 per share on December 7, 2023 to close at $8.99 on December 11, 2023.

The lawsuit alleges that Xponential made false and/or misleading statements and/or failed to disclose that: (i) Xponential had permanently closed at least 30 stores; (ii) Xponential's reported SSS and AUV metrics had been misstated by excluding underperforming stores; (iii) 8 out of 10 Xponential brands were losing money monthly; (iv) over 50% of Xponential studios did not make a positive financial return; (v) over 60% of Xponential's revenue was one-time and non-recurring; (vi) more than 100 of Xponential's franchises were priced for sale at least 75% less than their initial cost; (vii) Xponential had misled many of its franchisees into opening franchises by misrepresenting the financial profile and profitability of its studios, as well as the expected rate of return for new studio openings; and (viii) many Xponential franchisees were substantially in debt, suffering high attrition rates and running non-viable studios that had no realistic path to profitability.

If you purchased or otherwise acquired Xponential securities, have information, or would like to learn more about this investigation, please contact Thomas W. Elrod of Kirby McInerney LLP by email at investigations@kmllp.com, or by filling out this CONTACT FORM, to discuss your rights or interests with respect to these matters without any cost to you.

Kirby McInerney LLP is a New York-based plaintiffs' law firm concentrating in securities, antitrust, whistleblower, and consumer litigation. The firm's efforts on behalf of shareholders in securities litigation have resulted in recoveries totaling billions of dollars. Additional information about the firm can be found at Kirby McInerney LLP's website.

This press release may be considered Attorney Advertising in some jurisdictions under the applicable law and ethical rules.

The law firm of Kirby McInerney LLP reminds investors that a class action lawsuit has been filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California on behalf of those who acquired Amplitude, Inc. ("Amplitude" or the "Company") (NASDAQ: AMPL) securities during the period of September 21, 2021 to February 16, 2022 inclusive ("the Class Period"). Investors have until April 15, 2024 to apply to the Court to be appointed as lead plaintiff in the lawsuit.

[Click here to learn more about the class action]

According to the complaint, Amplitude issued a press release on September 21, 2021-the same day that Amplitude announced that the registration statement for its IPO had been declared effective-announcing its financial results for its second quarter 2021. The release highlighted several metrics that purportedly showed favorable growth at the Company. On September 28, 2021, Amplitude filed with the SEC the prospectus for the IPO ("the Prospectus"). The Prospectus highlighted the Company's land-and-expand strategy as one of its primary "Growth Strategies," and claimed that this land-and-expand strategy was already successful. However, on February 16, 2022, Amplitude revealed its fourth quarter 2021 results and revised downward its 2022 revenue. Amplitude then stated that its land-and-expand strategy, which it had claimed had already proven successful, was in fact poised to "take a few years" before it was expected to accelerate results and that despite their prior assurances of sustainable growth, Amplitude management "really [did not] know" when this impact would occur. On this news, the price of Amplitude shares declined by $24.51 per share, or approximately 58.9%, from $41.61 on February 16, 2022 to close at $17.10 on February 17, 2022.

The lawsuit alleges that the Company's fraudulent scheme (i) deceived the investing public regarding Amplitude's prospects and business; (ii) artificially inflated the price of Amplitude stock; and (iii) caused plaintiff and other members of the Class to purchase Amplitude stock at artificially inflated prices and suffer damages when that artificial inflation was removed from the price of Amplitude stock.

If you purchased or otherwise acquired Amplitude securities, have information, or would like to learn more about this investigation, please contact Thomas W. Elrod of Kirby McInerney LLP by email at investigations@kmllp.com, or by filling out this CONTACT FORM, to discuss your rights or interests with respect to these matters without any cost to you.

Kirby McInerney LLP is a New York-based plaintiffs' law firm concentrating in securities, antitrust, whistleblower, and consumer litigation. The firm's efforts on behalf of shareholders in securities litigation have resulted in recoveries totaling billions of dollars. Additional information about the firm can be found at Kirby McInerney LLP's website.

This press release may be considered Attorney Advertising in some jurisdictions under the applicable law and ethical rules.

NioCorp Completes Issuance and Sale of 75,000 Shares under the Standby Equity Purchase Agreement

CENTENNIAL, CO / ACCESSWIRE / February 29, 2024 / NioCorp Developments Ltd. ("NioCorp" or the "Company") (NASDAQ:NB)(TSX:NB) today issued and sold 75,000 shares (the "Advance Shares") of the Company's common shares, without par value (the "Common Shares"), upon settlement of the previously announced Advance Notice that it delivered on February 26, 2024 pursuant to the Standby Equity Purchase Agreement, dated January 26, 2023 (the "Standby Equity Purchase Agreement"). The Advance Shares were issued and sold at a purchase price per share of $2.2714 which reflects 97% of the average volume-weighted average price of the Common Shares on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC ("Nasdaq") as required under the Standby Equity Purchase Agreement.

No Offer or Solicitation

This communication does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities. The Advance Shares are being offered and sold in reliance on the exemption from registration set forth in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 (the "Securities Act"). The Advance Shares have not been registered under the Securities Act, or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction, and may not be offered or sold in the United States without registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities or blue sky laws and foreign securities laws. In Canada, no offering of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus in accordance with the requirements of applicable Canadian securities laws or an exemption therefrom. This communication is not, and under no circumstances is it to be construes as, a prospectus, offering memorandum, an advertisement or a public offering in any province or territory of Canada. In Canada, no prospectus has been filed with any securities commission or similar regulatory authority in respect of any of the Advance Shares.

For More Information

Contact Jim Sims, Corporate Communications Officer, NioCorp Developments Ltd., (720) 334-7066, jim.sims@niocorp.com

About NioCorp

NioCorp is developing a critical minerals project in Southeast Nebraska that is expected to produce niobium, scandium, and titanium, subject to the receipt of sufficient project financing. The Company also is evaluating the potential to produce several rare earths from the Elk Creek Critical Minerals Project (the "Elk Creek Project"). Niobium is used to produce specialty alloys as well as High Strength, Low Alloy steel, which is a lighter, stronger steel used in automotive, structural, and pipeline applications. Scandium is a specialty metal that can be combined with Aluminum to make alloys with increased strength and improved corrosion resistance. Scandium is also a critical component of advanced solid oxide fuel cells. Titanium is used in various lightweight alloys and is a key component of pigments used in paper, paint and plastics and is also used for aerospace applications, armor, and medical implants. Magnetic rare earths, such as neodymium, praseodymium, terbium, and dysprosium are critical to the making of Neodymium-Iron-Boron magnets, which are used across a wide variety of defense and civilian applications.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and forward-looking information within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities laws. Forward-looking statements may include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the offering, issuance and sale of the Advance Shares, including the number of Advance Shares that may ultimately be sold, the price at which the Advance Shares may be sold and the expected timing for the closing of the issuance and sale of the Advance Shares, and the expected and potential production of the Elk Creek Project. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words such as "plan," "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "intend," "outlook," "estimate," "forecast," "project," "continue," "could," "may," "might," "possible," "potential," "predict," "should," "would" and other similar words and expressions, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking.

The forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of the management of NioCorp and are inherently subject to uncertainties and changes in circumstances and their potential effects and speak only as of the date of such statement. There can be no assurance that future developments will be those that have been anticipated. Forward-looking statements reflect material expectations and assumptions, including, without limitation, expectations and assumptions relating to: results of the Company's demonstration-scale processing plant; the future price of metals; the stability of the financial and capital markets; other current estimates and assumptions regarding NioCorp's business combination (the "Business Combination") with GX Acquisition Corp. II and the Standby Equity Purchase Agreement (together with the Business Combination, the "Transactions"), and their expected benefits, including the ability to access the full amount of the expected net proceeds of the Standby Equity Purchase Agreement over the next three years; NioCorp's ability to receive a final commitment of financing from the Export-Import Bank of the United States ("EXIM"); anticipated benefits of the listing of the Common Shares on Nasdaq; the financial and business performance of NioCorp; NioCorp's anticipated results and developments in the operations of NioCorp in future periods; NioCorp's planned exploration activities; the adequacy of NioCorp's financial resources; NioCorp's ability to secure sufficient project financing to complete construction and commence operation of the Elk Creek Project; NioCorp's expectation and ability to produce niobium, scandium, and titanium at the Elk Creek Project; the outcome of current recovery process improvement testing, and NioCorp's expectation that such process improvements could lead to greater efficiencies and cost savings in the Elk Creek Project; the Elk Creek Project's ability to produce multiple critical metals; the Elk Creek Project's projected ore production and mining operations over its expected mine life; the completion of the demonstration plant and technical and economic analyses on the potential addition of magnetic rare earth oxides to NioCorp's planned product suite; the exercise of options to purchase additional land parcels; the execution of contracts with engineering, procurement and construction companies; NioCorp's ongoing evaluation of the impact of inflation, supply chain issues and geopolitical unrest on the Elk Creek Project's economic model; the impact of health epidemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, on NioCorp's business and the actions NioCorp may take in response thereto; and the creation of full time and contract construction jobs over the construction period of the Elk Creek Project.

Forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties or other factors that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those discussed and identified in public filings made by NioCorp with the SEC and with the applicable Canadian securities regulatory authorities and the following: NioCorp's ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the Transactions, including NioCorp's ability to access the full amount of the expected net proceeds under the Standby Equity Purchase Agreement over the next three years; unexpected costs related to the Transactions; the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against NioCorp following closing of the Transactions; NioCorp's ability to receive a final commitment of financing from EXIM on the anticipated timeline, on acceptable terms, or at all; NioCorp's ability to continue to meet Nasdaq listing standards; NioCorp's ability to operate as a going concern; risks relating to the Common Shares, including price volatility, lack of dividend payments and dilution or the perception of the likelihood any of the foregoing; NioCorp's requirement of significant additional capital; the extent to which NioCorp's level of indebtedness and/or the terms contained in agreements governing NioCorp's indebtedness or the Standby Equity Purchase Agreement may impair NioCorp's ability to obtain additional financing; covenants contained in agreements with NioCorp's secured creditors that may affect its assets; NioCorp's limited operating history; NioCorp's history of losses; the restatement of NioCorp's consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 and the interim periods ended September 30, 2021, December 31, 2021, March 31, 2022, September 30, 2022, and December 31, 2022 and the impact of such restatement on NioCorp's future financial statements and other financial measures; the material weaknesses in NioCorp's internal control over financial reporting, NioCorp's efforts to remediate such material weaknesses and the timing of remediation; the possibility that NioCorp may qualify as a passive foreign investment company under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"); the potential that the Transactions could result in NioCorp becoming subject to materially adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences as a result of the application of Section 7874 and related sections of the Code; cost increases for NioCorp's exploration and, if warranted, development projects; a disruption in, or failure of, NioCorp's information technology systems, including those related to cybersecurity; equipment and supply shortages; variations in the market demand for, and prices of, niobium, scandium, titanium and rare earth products; current and future offtake agreements, joint ventures, and partnerships; NioCorp's ability to attract qualified management; the effects of global health crises on NioCorp's business plans, financial condition and liquidity; estimates of mineral resources and reserves; mineral exploration and production activities; feasibility study results; the results of metallurgical testing; changes in demand for and price of commodities (such as fuel and electricity) and currencies; competition in the mining industry; changes or disruptions in the securities markets; legislative, political or economic developments, including changes in federal and/or state laws that may significantly affect the mining industry; the impacts of climate change, as well as actions taken or required by governments related to strengthening resilience in the face of potential impacts from climate change; the need to obtain permits and comply with laws and regulations and other regulatory requirements; the timing and reliability of sampling and assay data; the possibility that actual results of work may differ from projections/expectations or may not realize the perceived potential of NioCorp's projects; risks of accidents, equipment breakdowns, and labor disputes or other unanticipated difficulties or interruptions; the possibility of cost overruns or unanticipated expenses in development programs; operating or technical difficulties in connection with exploration, mining, or development activities; the management of the water balance at the Elk Creek Project site; land reclamation requirements related to the Elk Creek Project; the speculative nature of mineral exploration and development, including the risks of diminishing quantities of grades of reserves and resources; claims on the title to NioCorp's properties; potential future litigation; and NioCorp's lack of insurance covering all of NioCorp's operations.

Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize or should any of the assumptions made by the management of NioCorp prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements.

All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements concerning the matters addressed herein and attributable to NioCorp or any person acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to herein. Except to the extent required by applicable law or regulation, NioCorp undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.

Valero's 149,000 b/d Benicia refinery in Northern California experienced flaring on Saturday following an unplanned unit shutdown, according to a Hazardous Materials Spill Report filed with the California Governor's Office of Emergency Services.

During the flaring incident, complaints of strong odors arose, leading to an investigation.

"A unit at the refinery went down...which caused the product to need to be moved between two tanks. It was discovered that in the process of moving the product, some of it got on the lid of a tank and that was the source of the strong odor," according to a post from the Benicia Fire Department.

The spilled material, which had a chemical composition similar to light oil and generically referred to as "slop," was emitting hydrogen sulfide and sulfur dioxide, causing an unpleasant odor experienced by surrounding residents, according to CalEMA and the Benicia Fire Department. The odor incident at Valero's refinery "reached the threshold for a Level-3 incident," according to a press release from the City of Benicia, California's website, and Valero is required to submit a 72-hour report to the city.

The Benicia Fire Department responded by assessing and mitigating the impact on public health in coordination with Solano County Public Health and Air District staff. Portable air monitors were deployed throughout the city to track air quality.

Efforts to clean up the spill on the tank lids commenced promptly, while intermittent flaring continued due to the ongoing unit shutdown. It's estimated that over 1,000-lbs of sulfur dioxide was released during the flare event, according to a Hazardous Materials Spill Report filed with the California Governor's Office of Emergency Services.

Valero Benicia confirmed the cessation of flaring activity and that the odor has dissipated, according to a press release from the City of Benicia's website.

The investigation of the incident is ongoing, and Valero is required to submit a 30-day report with root cause analysis. Separately, Solano County Environmental Health will work with the City of Benicia to perform a full incident investigation that will also be released publicly.

Representatives for Valero's Benicia, California refinery did not immediately respond to requests for comment.

This content was created by Oil Price Information Service, which is operated by Dow Jones & Co. OPIS is run independently from Dow Jones Newswires and The Wall Street Journal.

--Reporting by My Nguyen, mynguyen@opisnet.com; Editing by Bayan Raji, braji@opisnet.com

WHY: Rosen Law Firm, a global investor rights law firm, announces an investigation of potential securities claims on behalf of shareholders of World Acceptance Corporation (NASDAQ: WRLD) resulting from allegations that World Acceptance Corporation may have issued materially misleading business information to the investing public.

SO WHAT: If you purchased World Acceptance Corporation securities you may be entitled to compensation without payment of any out of pocket fees or costs through a contingency fee arrangement. The Rosen Law Firm is preparing a class action seeking recovery of investor losses.

WHAT TO DO NEXT: To join the prospective class action, go to https://rosenlegal.com/submit-form/?case_id=22834 or call Phillip Kim, Esq. toll-free at 866-767-3653 or email pkim@rosenlegal.com or cases@rosenlegal.com for information on the class action.

WHAT IS THIS ABOUT: On February 23, 2024, after market hours, an article entitled "US CFPB orders federal supervision for installment lender World Acceptance Corp" was published on Yahoo! Finance. It stated in pertinent part that the "U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau said on Friday it would establish supervisory authority over World Acceptance Corp after the installment lender contested the designation."

On this news, the price of World Acceptance Corporation stock fell $11.23 per share, or 8.6%, to close at $118.59 per share on February 26, 2024.

WHY ROSEN LAW: We encourage investors to select qualified counsel with a track record of success in leadership roles. Often, firms issuing notices do not have comparable experience, resources, or any meaningful peer recognition. Many of these firms do not actually litigate securities class actions. Be wise in selecting counsel. The Rosen Law Firm represents investors throughout the globe, concentrating its practice in securities class actions and shareholder derivative litigation. Rosen Law Firm has achieved the largest ever securities class action settlement against a Chinese Company. Rosen Law Firm was Ranked No. 1 by ISS Securities Class Action Services for number of securities class action settlements in 2017. The firm has been ranked in the top 4 each year since 2013 and has recovered hundreds of millions of dollars for investors. In 2019 alone the firm secured over $438 million for investors. In 2020, founding partner Laurence Rosen was named by law360 as a Titan of Plaintiffs' Bar. Many of the firm's attorneys have been recognized by Lawdragon and Super Lawyers.

Follow us for updates on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/the-rosen-law-firm, on Twitter: https://twitter.com/rosen_firm or on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/rosenlawfirm/.

Attorney Advertising. Prior results do not guarantee a similar outcome.

Attorney Advertising--Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC is investigating potential claims on behalf of purchasers of World Acceptance Corporation ("WAC" or "the Company") (NASDAQ: WRLD). Investors who purchased WAC securities are encouraged to obtain additional information and assist the investigation by visiting the firm's site: bgandg.com/WRLD.

Investigation Details:

On February 23, 2024, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau announced that risks surrounding World Acceptance Corporation's conduct warranted the need for federal supervision. On this news, WAC's stock price fell $11.23 per share, or 8.65%, to close at $118.59 per share on February 26, 2024.

What's Next?

If you are aware of any facts relating to this investigation or purchased WAC securities, you can assist this investigation by visiting the firm's site: bgandg.com/WRLD. You can also contact Peretz Bronstein or his law clerk and client relations manager, Yael Nathanson of Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC: 332-239-2660.

There is No Cost to You

We represent investors in class actions on a contingency fee basis. That means we will ask the court to reimburse us for out-of-pocket expenses and attorneys' fees, usually a percentage of the total recovery, only if we are successful.

Why Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman:

Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC is a nationally recognized firm that represents investors in securities fraud class actions and shareholder derivative suits. Our firm has recovered hundreds of millions of dollars for investors nationwide.

Attorney advertising. Prior results do not guarantee similar outcomes.

SHANGHAI, China, Feb. 28, 2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Intchains Group Limited (Nasdaq: ICG) ("we," or the "Company"), a provider of integrated solutions consisting of high-performance computing ASIC chip products and ancillary software and hardware for blockchain applications, today announced its unaudited financial results for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2023.

Fourth Quarter 2023 Operating and Financial Highlights

Full Year 2023 Operating and Financial Highlights

Mr. Qiang Ding, Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer, commented, "2023 was a year filled with accomplishments as well as challenges for Intchains. Our successful first quarter listing on the Nasdaq marked the commencement of an exciting new stage in our development. Throughout the year, we actively addressed evolving market conditions with investments in innovative technology, enhancing our competitiveness, and extending our presence across the industry value chain. Our latest ASIC chip, designed and manufactured using a 12nm process node, completed the relevant IC verification and trial production processes in February 2024 and is set to enter mass production in March 2024. Furthermore, following our successful acquisition of the Goldshell brand and related assets in February 2024, we expect to officially launch our Goldshell-branded computing equipment for blockchain applications in March 2024. In addition to these positive developments, our revenue for the fourth quarter of 2023 experienced significant growth of 418.2% compared to the third quarter, due to the fourth quarter rebound of the cryptocurrency market, following a downturn in the preceding quarter. As a result, we achieved quarterly profitability for the fourth quarter of 2023. Despite short-term volatility, we are confident in the industry's trajectory for 2024 and the long-term prospects of the entire WEB3 landscape. We will continue to optimize capital utilization efficiency as we pursue further development opportunities along the value chain, laying a robust foundation for our sustainable growth."

Revenue was RMB35.5 million (US$5.0 million) for the fourth quarter of 2023, representing an increase of 5.3% from RMB33.7 million for the same period of 2022. Our revenue for the fourth quarter of 2023 primarily comprised revenue derived from the sales of our ASIC chips, computing equipment that incorporated our ASIC chips for blockchain applications, ancillary software and hardware and others. The increase was primarily attributable to a one-off sale of intelligent router products which generated RMB12.6 million in revenue in the fourth quarter of 2023. These intelligent router products were acquired from third parties and integrated with our software solutions for resale purposes. This was a one-off transaction for us and we currently have no intention to continue this business in the future. This increase in revenue was partially offset by the decrease in ASIC chip sales volumes.

Cost of Revenue

Cost of revenue was RMB14.1 million (US$2.0 million) for the fourth quarter of 2023, representing a decrease of 29.3% from RMB20.0 million for the same period of 2022. The decrease was mainly attributable to the reversal of the write-off of the intelligent router products referenced above. We wrote off the intelligent router products in the second quarter of 2023 due to our belief that they could not be sold considering the adverse market conditions. This write-off was reversed in full in the fourth quarter of 2023 upon the sale of the intelligent router products. This reversal reduced our total cost of revenue for the fourth quarter of 2023. The decrease in our ASIC chip sales volumes also contributed to the decrease in our cost of revenue.

Operating Expenses

Total operating expenses were RMB22.8 million (US$3.2 million) for the fourth quarter of 2023, representing an increase of 79.0% from RMB12.7 million for the same period of 2022. This increase was due to an increase in each category of operating expenses.

Interest Income

Interest income increased by 22.3% to RMB4.2 million (US$0.6 million) for the fourth quarter of 2023 from RMB3.5 million for the same period of 2022, mainly attributable to our effective cash management.

Other Income, net

Our other income, net, decreased by 29.6% to RMB7.5 million (US$1.1 million) for the fourth quarter of 2023 from RMB10.6 million for the same period of 2022. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in grants received from the local government. The grants were issued in support of eligible IC industry projects with no repayment obligations.

Net Income

As a result of the foregoing, we recorded a net income of RMB8.1 million (US$1.1 million) for the fourth quarter of 2023, representing a decrease of 36.2% from RMB12.7 million for the same period of 2022.

Basic and Diluted Net Earnings Per Ordinary Share

Basic and diluted net earnings per ordinary share decreased by 36.4% to RMB0.07 (US$0.01) for the fourth quarter of 2023 from RMB0.11 for the same period of 2022. Each ADS represents two of the Company's Class A ordinary shares.

Revenue was RMB82.2 million (US$11.6 million) in 2023, representing a decrease of 82.6% from RMB473.7 million in 2022. The decrease was mainly due to the overall challenging cryptocurrency market in 2023, leading to decreases in the sales volume and average selling price of our ASIC chips, partially offset by the revenue of RMB13.8 million derived from the sales of certain intelligent router products referenced above.

Cost of Revenue

Cost of revenue was RMB73.1 million (US$10.3 million) for the year ended December 31, 2023, representing a decrease of 15.9% from RMB87.0 million for 2022. The decrease was mainly attributable to the decline in sales volume of our ASIC chips, largely offset by an inventory write-down and a prepayment write-down, totaling approximately RMB24.7 million.

Operating Expenses

Total operating expenses were RMB74.0 million (US$10.4 million) for 2023, representing an increase of 15.7% from RMB64.0 million for 2022. This increase was primarily due to increases in both sales and marketing expenses and general and administrative expenses, partially offset by a decrease in research and development expenses.

Interest Income

Interest income increased by 50.5% to RMB16.8 million (US$2.4 million) for 2023 from RMB11.1 million for 2022, mainly attributable to our effective cash management.

Other Income, net

Our other income, net decreased by 55.6% to RMB13.2 million (US$1.9 million) for 2023 from RMB29.7 million for 2022. The decrease was primarily due to decreased grants received from the local government. The grants were issued in support of eligible IC industry projects with no repayment obligations.

Net Loss

As a result of the foregoing, we recorded a net loss of RMB26.8 million (US$3.8 million) for the year ended December 31, 2023, compared with a net income of RMB355.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022.

Basic and Diluted Net Loss Per Ordinary Share

Basic and diluted net loss per ordinary share were RMB0.22 (US$0.03) for the year ended December 31, 2023, compared with basic and diluted net earnings per ordinary share of RMB3.02 for the year ended December 31, 2022. Each ADS represents two of the Company's Class A ordinary shares.

Recent Developments

On February 28, 2024, the Company completed its previously reported acquisition of certain assets from Singapore-based GOLDSHELL PTE. LTD., or the Seller, in accordance with an asset acquisition agreement between the Company and the Seller dated December 8, 2023. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of such asset acquisition agreement, the Company acquired the Goldshell brand and certain related assets for a cash consideration of US$550,000.

On January 22, 2024, Maxim Partners LLC exercised the underwriter's warrants granted in connection with our initial public offering on the Nasdaq Capital Market in full through a cashless exercise to acquire 7,921 of our ADSs.

Conference Call Information

The Company's management team will host an earnings conference call to discuss its financial results at 8:00 P.M. U.S. Eastern Time on February 28, 2024 (9:00 A.M. Beijing Time on February 29, 2024). Details for the conference call are as follows:

All participants must use the link provided above to complete the online registration process in advance of the conference call. Upon registering, each participant will receive a set of dial-in numbers and a personal access PIN, which will be used to join the conference call.

Additionally, a live and archived webcast of the conference call will also be available at the Company's website at https://intchains.com/.

About Intchains Group Limited

Intchains Group Limited is a provider of integrated solutions consisting of high-performance computing ASIC chip products and ancillary software and hardware for blockchain applications. The Company utilizes a fabless business model and specializes in the front-end and back-end of IC design, which are the major components of the IC product development chain. The Company has established strong supply chain management with a leading foundry, which helps to ensure its product quality and stable production output. The Company's products consist of high-performance computing ASIC chip products including ASIC chips that have high computing power and superior power efficiency and computing equipment incorporating our ASIC chips, as well as ancillary software and hardware, which cater to the evolving needs of the blockchain industry. The Company has built a proprietary technology platform named "Xihe" platform, which allows the Company to develop a wide range of ASIC chips with high efficiency and scalability. For more information, please visit the Company's website at: https://intchains.com/.

Exchange Rate Information

The unaudited United States dollar ("US$") amounts disclosed in the accompanying financial statements are presented solely for the convenience of the readers. Translations of amounts from RMB into US$ for the convenience of the reader were calculated at the noon buying rate of US$1.00=RMB7.0999 on the last trading day of the Fourth quarter (December 29, 2023). No representation is made that the RMB amounts could have been, or could be, converted into US$ at such rate.

Forward-Looking Statements

Certain statements in this announcement are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties and are based on the Company's current expectations and projections about future events that the Company believes may affect its financial condition, results of operations, business strategy and financial needs. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about: (i) our goals and strategies; (ii) our future business development, formed condition and results of operations; (iii) expected changes in our revenue, costs or expenditures; (iv) growth of and competition trends in our industry; (v) our expectations regarding demand for, and market acceptance of, our products; (vi) general economic and business conditions in the markets in which we operate; (vii) relevant government policies and regulations relating to our business and industry; and (viii) assumptions underlying or related to any of the foregoing. Investors can identify these forward-looking statements by words or phrases such as "may," "could," "will," "should," "would," "expect," "plan," "intend," "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "predict," "potential," "project" or "continue" or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent occurring events or circumstances, or changes in its expectations, except as may be required by law. Although the Company believes that the expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, it cannot assure you that such expectations will turn out to be correct, and the Company cautions investors that actual results may differ materially from the anticipated results and encourages investors to review other factors that may affect its future results in the Company's registration statement and other filings with the SEC.

SHANGHAI, China, Feb. 28, 2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Intchains Group Limited (Nasdaq: ICG) ("Intchains," "we," or the "Company"), a provider of integrated solutions consisting of high-performance computing ASIC chip products and ancillary software and hardware for blockchain applications, today announced that it has completed its previously reported acquisition of certain assets from Singapore-based GOLDSHELL PTE. LTD. (the "Seller"), pursuant to an asset acquisition agreement (the "Asset Acquisition Agreement") entered between the Company and the Seller dated December 8, 2023 (the "Transaction").

Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Asset Acquisition Agreement, we acquired all the intellectual property, information and technical materials used in operating the Goldshell brand, which primarily include (i) all trademarks and related materials (including application documents) used in operating the Goldshell brand; (ii) all websites, applications, and lawful rights and control over the above-referenced websites and applications; and (iii) ownership and management rights of all accounts used in operating the Goldshell brand. As consideration for the Transaction, we paid a purchase price of US$550,000 in cash.

"We are delighted to have completed the Transaction, as it represents a significant step forward in our penetration of the WEB3 industry," said Mr. Qiang Ding, Chairman of the Board of Directors and CEO of Intchains. "Our broad expertise across blockchain applications, coupled with Goldshell's well-established infrastructure strength, will bolster our market presence and strengthen our positioning. We are confident that the synergies generated by this transaction will yield great benefits for both Intchains and our stakeholders."

About Intchains Group Limited

Intchains Group Limited is a provider of integrated solutions consisting of high-performance computing ASIC chip products and ancillary software and hardware for blockchain applications. The Company utilizes a fabless business model and specializes in the front-end and back-end of IC design, which are the major components of the IC product development chain. The Company has established strong supply chain management with a leading foundry, which helps to ensure its product quality and stable production output. The Company's products consist of high-performance computing ASIC chip products including ASIC chips that have high computing power and superior power efficiency and computing equipment incorporating our ASIC chips, as well as ancillary software and hardware, which cater to the evolving needs of the blockchain industry. The Company has built a proprietary technology platform named "Xihe" Platform, which allows the Company to develop a wide range of ASIC chips with high efficiency and scalability. For more information, please visit the Company's website at: https://intchains.com/.

Forward-Looking Statements

Certain statements in this announcement are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties and are based on the Company's current expectations and projections about future events that the Company believes may affect its financial condition, results of operations, business strategy and financial needs. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about: (i) our goals and strategies; (ii) our future business development, formed condition and results of operations; (iii) expected changes in our revenue, costs or expenditures; (iv) growth of and competition trends in our industry; (v) our expectations regarding demand for, and market acceptance of, our products; (vi) general economic and business conditions in the markets in which we operate; (vii) relevant government policies and regulations relating to our business and industry; and (viii) assumptions underlying or related to any of the foregoing. Investors can identify these forward-looking statements by words or phrases such as "may," "could," "will," "should," "would," "expect," "plan," "intend," "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "predict," "potential," "project" or "continue" or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent occurring events or circumstances, or changes in its expectations, except as may be required by law. Although the Company believes that the expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, it cannot assure you that such expectations will turn out to be correct, and the Company cautions investors that actual results may differ materially from the anticipated results and encourages investors to review other factors that may affect its future results in the Company's registration statement and other filings with the SEC.

Vancouver, British Columbia--(Newsfile Corp. - February 28, 2024) - Prospector Metals Corp. (TSXV: PPP) (OTCQB: PMCOF) (FSE: 1ET0) ("Prospector" or the "Company") announces that further to its news release dated January 3, 2024, Prospector has consolidated its common shares on the basis of one (1) new-post-consolidation common share for every three (3) pre-consolidation common shares effective as of March 4, 2024 (the "Consolidation"). There will be no name change or trading symbol change in conjunction with the Consolidation.

Effective at the opening of market on March 4, 2024, the common shares of Prospector will commence trading on a post-Consolidation basis under the existing ticker symbol "PPP" and new CUSIP: 74359L204; ISIN: CA74359L2049. There are currently 63,462,472 common shares of Prospector outstanding and following the Consolidation Prospector will have approximately 21,154,157 common shares outstanding.

No fractional shares will be issued in connection with the Consolidation. Shareholders who would otherwise be entitled to receive a fraction of a common share will be rounded down to the nearest whole common shares and no cash consideration will be paid in respect of the fractional shares. Registered holders of common shares of Prospector will receive a letter of transmittal from TSX Trust Company with instructions on how to exchange existing share certificates for new post-Consolidation share certificates.

The exercise price and number of Common Shares issuable upon the exercise of Prospector's outstanding stock options and warrants have been proportionately adjusted to reflect the Consolidation in accordance with the terms of such securities.

About Prospector Metals Corp.

Prospector Metals Corp., a member of Discovery Group, is focused on district scale, early-stage exploration of gold and base metal prospects. Creating shareholder value through new discoveries, the Company identifies underexplored or overlooked mineral districts displaying important structural and mineralogical occurrences similar to more established mining operations. Prospector is led by an experienced technical and corporate team that has a proven track record of making world-class mineral discoveries. Prospector establishes and maintains relationships with local and Indigenous rightsholders, and seeking to develop partnerships and agreements that are mutually beneficial to all stakeholders.

For further information about Prospector Metals Corp. or this news release, please visit our website at prospectormetalscorp.com or by email at info@prospectormetalscorp.com.

Prospector Metals Corp. is a proud member of Discovery Group. For more information please visit: discoverygroup.ca.

Forward-Looking Statement Cautions:

This press release contains certain "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Canadian securities legislation, including, but not limited to, statements regarding the Consolidation and the timing thereof; the impact of the Consolidation on the Company's securities; Company's plans with respect to the Company's projects and the timing related thereto, the merits of the Company's projects, the Company's objectives, plans and strategies, and other project opportunities. Although the Company believes that such statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts; they are generally, but not always, identified by the words "expects," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "intends," "estimates," "projects," "aims," "potential," "goal," "objective,", "strategy", "prospective," and similar expressions, or that events or conditions "will," "would," "may," "can," "could" or "should" occur, or are those statements, which, by their nature, refer to future events. The Company cautions that forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs, estimates and opinions of the Company's management on the date the statements are made and they involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, there can be no assurances that such statements will prove to be accurate and actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. Except to the extent required by applicable securities laws and the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange, the Company undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements if management's beliefs, estimates or opinions, or other factors, should change. Factors that could cause future results to differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements include the risk of accidents and other risks associated with mineral exploration operations, the risk that the Company will encounter unanticipated geological factors, or the possibility that the Company may not be able to secure permitting and other agency or governmental clearances, necessary to carry out the Company's exploration plans, risks of political uncertainties and regulatory or legal changes in the jurisdictions where the Company carries on its business that might interfere with the Company's business and prospects. The reader is urged to refer to the Company's reports, publicly available through the Canadian Securities Administrators' System for Electronic Document Analysis and Retrieval (SEDAR+) at www.sedarplus.ca for a more complete discussion of such risk factors and their potential effects.

Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.

To view the source version of this press release, please visit https://www.newsfilecorp.com/release/199753

CHICAGO, Feb 28 (Reuters) - Chicago Mercantile Exchange feeder cattle futures crumbled on Wednesday on profit-taking after the market reached a four-month high this week, analysts said.

Live cattle futures also weakened, while lean hogs ended slightly higher.

Feeder cattle have climbed more than 11% so far this year, boosted by tight supplies, fund buying, and low prices for corn used for livestock feed. U.S. ranchers slashed the nation's cattle herd to its smallest level in more than 70 years as drought reduced land available for grazing.

Corn prices on Wednesday reached a two-week high in the most-active contract, as the grain market recovered from recent three-year lows. The rebound helped pressure feeder cattle, analysts said.

"What was happening in corn futures was essentially an excuse to take short-term profits on the day," said Dan Norcini, an independent livestock trader.

April feeder cattle closed 3.85 cents lower at 255.100 cents per pound and touched its lowest price in more than a week. The contract on Monday had advanced to its highest level since October.

CME April live cattle slid 1.6 cents to end at 186.125 cents per pound. The contract on Tuesday had traded near a four-month high reached last week.

Traders were monitoring a major wildfire in northern Texas, the biggest U.S. cattle-producing state. Texas Governor Greg Abbott issued a disaster declaration for 60 counties on Tuesday and directed the authorities to activate personnel to provide support for livestock, among other actions.

Some traders also were selling cattle futures and buying lean hogs in spread trades, Norcini said.

April lean hogs settled up 0.1 cent at 86 cents per pound. June hogs closed 0.225 cent higher at 99.550 cents and set its highest price in nearly a year.

Average hog weights in Iowa, southern Minnesota and South Dakota declined to 287.7 pounds in the week ended Feb. 24 from 288 pounds the previous week, U.S. government data show.

On Thursday, traders will review weekly U.S. beef and pork export sales data. (Reporting by Tom Polansek in Chicago. Additional reporting by PJ Huffstutter; Editing by Maju Samuel)

TORONTO and TAMPA, Fla., Feb. 28, 2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Voxtur Analytics Corp. (TSXV: VXTR; OTCQB: VXTRF) ("Voxtur" or the "Company"), a North American technology company creating a more transparent and accessible real estate lending ecosystem, is pleased to announce that further to its news release dated February 2, 2024, the Company has completed the issuance of 5,500,000 common shares in the capital of the Company at a deemed price of $0.094 per share (the "Debt Shares"), in lieu of cash payable for the aggregate amount of $500,000 (being the outstanding cash balance of the remaining purchase price for the acquisition of Municipal Tax Equity Consultants Inc. and MTE Paralegal Professional Corporation (collectively, "MTE")), held in escrow for 18 months pursuant to an escrow agreement between the Company, the escrow agent, the seller and the guarantor (the "Escrow Amount").

The TSX Venture Exchange ("TSXV") has approved the issuance of the Debt Shares and the escrow agent has returned in cash, the Escrow Amount (together with all interest, dividends, income, capital gains and other amounts earned thereon or derived therefrom) to the Company pursuant to an amended and restated escrow agreement.

The Debt Shares are subject to the statutory four month and a day hold period that will expire on June 28, 2024.

About Voxtur

Voxtur is a transformational proptech company that is redefining industry standards in a dynamic lending environment. The company offers targeted data analytics to simplify the multifaceted aspects of the lending lifecycle for investors, lenders, government agencies and servicers. Voxtur's proprietary data hub and workflow platforms more accurately and efficiently value real estate assets, providing critical due diligence that enables market participants to effectively originate, trade, or service defaults on mortgage loans. As an independent and transparent mortgage technology provider, the company offers primary and secondary market solutions in the United States and Canada. For more information, visit www.voxtur.com.

Neither TSXV nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSXV) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.

Forward-Looking Information

This news release contains forward-looking statements and forward-looking information (collectively, "forward-looking information"). Any information contained herein that is not based on historical facts may be deemed to constitute forward looking information within the meaning of Canadian and United States securities laws. Forward-looking information may be based on expectations, estimates and projections as at the date of this news release, and may be identified by the words "may", "would", "could", "should", "will", "intend", "plan", "anticipate", "believe", "estimate", "expect" or similar expressions. Forward-looking information may include, but is not limited to: expectations for the effects of certain milestones or the ability of the Company to successfully achieve certain business objectives; the effects of unexpected costs, liabilities or delays; success of software activities; expectations for other economic, business, environmental, regulatory and/or competitive factors related to the Company, or the real estate industry generally; anticipated future production costs; and other events or conditions that may occur in the future. Investors are cautioned that forward-looking information is not based on historical facts but instead reflects estimates or projections concerning future results or events based on the opinions, assumptions and estimates of management considered reasonable at the date the information is provided. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking information are reasonable, such information involves risks and uncertainties, and undue reliance should not be placed on such information, as unknown or unpredictable factors could have material adverse effects on future results, performance, or achievements of the Company. Among the key factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking information include but are not limited to: additional costs related to acquisitions; changing global financial conditions, especially in light of the COVID-19 global pandemic; reliance on specific key employees and customers to maintain business operations; competition within the Company's industry; a risk in technological failure or failure to implement technological upgrades; the Company's dependence on maintaining intellectual property; operating losses and negative cash flows; and currency fluctuations. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking information contained herein.

This forward-looking information is provided as of the date of this news release and, accordingly, is subject to change after such date. The Company does not assume any obligation to update or revise this information to reflect new events or circumstances except as required in accordance with applicable laws.

Shares of technology companies slipped as the AI rally stalled.

Nvidia shares fell by more than 1% but remained up by more than 60% for 2024 so far.

One strategist said there was no reason to sell red-hot AI stocks but investors who had not yet jumped into the niche might want to look elsewhere.

"Momentum investing works until the momentum changes," said Oliver Pursche, senior vice president at financial advisory Wealthspire.

"And there's yet to be somebody out there, at least from my basic knowledge, that can predict when momentum shifts accurately...if you're an investor and you have cash available, looking at some of the less frothy sectors...may prove to be smart over the next two years," Pursche said.

Alphabet-owned Google was hit with a $2.28 billion lawsuit by a group of European media organizations, who are alleging Google's position in the advertising market harmed their business.

"Bitcoin's price tends to increase as stocks approach new record highs," said JJ Kinahan, chief executive of IG North America and president of its brokerage tastytrade.

"However, bitcoin has no agreed-upon valuation metric and therefore, what I think we see happen is money begins flowing into bitcoin as a result," Kinahan said.

Chinese search-engine giant Baidu posted record quarterly revenue and higher adjusted profit, helped by higher ad spending and the rising profile of its ChatGPT-rival chatbot.

Shares of banks and other financial institutions ticked up as Treasury yields remained elevated.

Coinbase Global shares rose even after the cryptocurrency exchange disclosed user issues due to the volume of demand. The price of bitcoin surged 7% to top $60,000.

Chief Executive Brian Armstrong cited a "surge" in traffic for glitches that included customer accounts randomly showing a zero balance.

Financial-tech concern Stripe, the brainchild of the Irish Collison brothers, is allowing its employees to cash out more stock as the fintech giant continues to put off an initial public offering.

The Mortgage Bankers Association market index fell 5.6% to 171.5 for the week ending February 23 from a week earlier, as the average 30-year mortgage rate remained above 7%.

Eagle Bay Resources Announces Private Placement to Raise Gross Proceeds of up to $750,000

NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION TO UNITED STATES NEWSWIRE SERVICES OR FOR DISSEMINATION IN THE UNITED STATES

VANCOUVER, BC / ACCESSWIRE / February 28, 2024 / Eagle Bay Resources Corp. (CSE:EBR) ("Eagle Bay" or the "Company") is pleased to announce that it intends to undertake a non-brokered private placement consisting of the issuance of up to 7,500,000 units (each, a "Unit") at a price of $0.10 per Unit to raise aggregate gross proceeds of up to $750,000 (the "Offering"). Each Unit will consist of one common share of the Company (each, a "Share") and one common share purchase warrant (each, a "Warrant"), with each Warrant entitling the holder to purchase one Share at a price of $0.15 per Share for a period of two (2) years from closing of the Offering (the "Closing").

The Company anticipates that a majority of the net proceeds of the Offering will be used for property exploration and any remaining funds will be allocated to general working capital.

All securities issued pursuant to the Offering will be subject to a hold period of four (4) months and a day from the Closing in accordance with securities laws. Any participation by insiders in the Offering will constitute a related party transaction under Multilateral Instrument 61-101 - Protection of Minority Security Holders in Special Transactions ("MI 61-101") but is expected to be exempt from the formal valuation and minority shareholder approval requirements of MI 61-101. The Closing remains subject to several conditions including receipt of subscriptions and regulatory approval, if required.

The securities offered have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any state securities laws, and may not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the Unites States, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction or to, or for the account or for the benefit of a U.S. person, unless an exemption from registration is available. This news release is for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities of the Company in any jurisdiction.

About Eagle Bay Resources Corp.

Eagle Bay Resources Corp. is a Canadian exploration company specializing in the acquisition and development of high potential rare earth elements (REE's) and niobium properties. Eagle Bay Resources is publicly listed on the Canadian Stock Exchange ("CSE") under trading symbol "EBR".

Neither the Canadian Securities Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the CSE) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION:

Bitcoin (BTC) is trading just shy of its all-time high, but the amount of money invested in the asset has already returned to its historic peak, according to on-chain data.

Bitcoin's "realized capitalization" has surged to $467.2 billion -- just $500 million (0.22%) away from its April 2022 high of $468.3 billion, crypto analytics firm Glassnode reported on Twitter.

"Realized capitalization" or "realized cap" measures the total value of all Bitcoin put together based on the time and price at which each individual coin last moved, Glassnode's website explains. This differs from "market capitalization" or "market cap," which shows the total value of all Bitcoin based on the asset's current market price.

"This means the true liquidity-adjusted capital invested, saved, and stored in BTC is now at new highs," lead Glassnode analyst James Check posted on Twitter on Wednesday.

Analysts consider Bitcoin's realized cap an estimate of Bitcoin's cost basis for the average network participant. Therefore, when compared to Bitcoin's market cap through the market value to realized value (MVRV) ratio, it's simple to determine whether the average BTC buyer is in profit or loss.

As of Monday, Glassnode's latest newsletter showed that Bitcoin's current MVRV value was at 2.14, meaning the average investor now sits on unrealized profits of 114%, more than doubling their money.

Recent data from IntoTheBlock corroborates this, showing an MVRV ratio of 2.22, with 97% of Bitcoin investors in some degree of profit.

Bitcoin soared to over $63,500 on Wednesday and trades for $60,372 at time of writing. The only other times Bitcoin has traded higher were during April 2021 and November 2021, both all-time highs for BTC -- after which the price experienced precipitous drops.

That said, both Glassnode and IntoTheBlock agree that BTC has a lot of room to grow before reaching its next cyclical top.

"While it historically signaled a top when MVRV was close to 4, the number has declined every cycle," wrote IntoTheBlock on Twitter on Tuesday.

The firm also suggested that retail participation in Bitcoin is still dormant, based on a relatively stable number of new network addresses.

On the other hand, Bloomberg ETF analyst Eric Balchunas claims retail participation may be heating up through the newly launched Bitcoin ETFs, which experienced many small individual trades on Tuesday.

"This is before they have options and/or are available on many advisory platforms," wrote Balchunas on Wednesday. "Definitely a big retail component given size of trades."

ANALYST RECOMMENDATIONS : Amex, Apollo Global Management, Crowdstrike, Workday, Abrdn...

Every morning, find a selection of analysts' recommendations covering North America and the UK. The list only includes companies that have been the subject of a change of opinion or price target, or of a new coverage. It may be updated during the session. This information can be used to shed light on movements in certain stocks or on market sentiment towards a company.

February 28, 2024 -- Seadrill Limited ("Seadrill" or the "Company") (NYSE & OSE: SDRL) today reported its fourth quarter and full year 2023 results.

"We continued to simplify and strengthen our business through 2023, achieving scale through the Aquadrill acquisition and delivering operational and financial results that allowed us to make meaningful returns to shareholders through our repurchase program," remarked President and Chief Executive Officer, Simon Johnson.

"We have long anticipated 2024 will be a year of transition. We have planned and prepared for a busy inventory of shipyard stays and accompanying capital expenditure. We continue to act proactively to manage and mitigate our exposure to contracting gaps and cost inflation when these appear. Though 2024 will certainly have some challenges, our optimism about the medium- and longer-term outlook for the offshore deepwater drilling industry and our competitive positioning within it remains positive and unchanged."

Financial and operational results

For the fourth quarter 2023, Seadrill recognized $408 million in total operating revenues. The Company generated $315 million in contract revenues, compared to $324 million the prior quarter, operating an average of 12 rigs at an economic utilization of 92.4%. These figures exclude the three drillships (West Gemini, Sonangol Quenguela, and Sonangol Libongos) the Company manages through Sonadrill, its 50:50 joint venture with Sonangol E.P., which generated an additional $73 million in management contract revenues. The Company earned an additional $20 million in reimbursable and other revenues, which includes bareboat charter income from Gulfdrill, a 50:50 joint venture between Seadrill and Gulf Drilling International. Operating expenses increased sequentially to $356 million from $304 million the prior quarter. The increase was primarily attributable to a change in provisions, repair and maintenance projects, severance, and personnel costs. Adjusted EBITDA was $100 million, a $51 million decrease from the prior quarter.

Net cash provided by operating activities was $140 million for the fourth quarter, a $28 million, or 25%, sequential improvement compared to the third quarter. Capital expenditures totaled $90 million in the fourth quarter, compared to $61 million in the third quarter, and consisted of long-term maintenance costs of $42 million, included in operating cash flows, and $48 million of capital upgrades, related to contract preparation and incremental equipment spend. Resulting Free Cash Flow for the fourth quarter was $92 million.

Full-year total operating revenues were approximately $1.5 billion, a 48% increase from $1.0 billion the prior year. Full-year operating profit was $329 million and full-year Adjusted EBITDA was $495 million, or 33.0% of revenues, in line with guidance. The results reflect three quarters of earnings from rigs acquired through the Company's Aquadrill transaction, which closed in April 2023.

Share repurchases

During the fourth quarter, Seadrill completed its initial $250 million buyback program, which started on September 12, 2023, and commenced an incremental $250 million program, on December 14, 2023. As of February 27, 2024, Seadrill had repurchased a total of eight million shares, equating to 11% of its share capital, at an average price of $43.36 per share for a total of $342 million in shareholder returns.

Balance sheet

As of December 31, 2023, Seadrill had gross principal debt of $625 million, consisting of $575 million in aggregate principal amount of 8.375% senior secured second lien notes due 2030 and $50 million in senior unsecured convertible notes, and $728 million in cash and cash equivalents, including $31 million in restricted cash. The Company maintains an additional $225 million in available borrowings under its undrawn senior secured revolving credit facility.

Operational and commercial activity

As of February 28, 2024 Seadrill's Order Backlog stood at approximately $2.9 billion, including approximately $1.1 billion in contract additions and adjustments since November 27, 2023. The Company previously announced notable contracts in Brazil and the U.S. Gulf of Mexico that represent some of the highest dayrates for those regions during this market cycle.

Prior to beginning their new contracts, all three of these rigs will transition from existing third-party managers to Seadrill, allowing the Company to capture intended cost savings from its Aquadrill acquisition.

The Company today provided an updated fleet status report on its website, www.seadrill.com/investors.

Conference call information

Seadrill will host a conference call to discuss its results on Thursday, February 29, 2024 at 09:00 CST / 16:00 CET. Interested participants may join the call by dialing +1 (888) 660-6819 (Passcode: 7310670) at least 15 minutes prior to the scheduled start time. The Company will also webcast the call live on its website, www.seadrill.com/investors, where a replay and prepared remarks, which includes guidance for fiscal year 2024 and a reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial metrics in such guidance, will be available afterwards.

Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA Margin and Free Cash Flow are non-GAAP measures. The appendices to this press release include definitions of these non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measure.

Order Backlog includes all firm contracts at the contractual operating dayrate multiplied by the number of days remaining in the firm contract period. It includes management contract revenues and lease revenues from bareboat charter arrangements and excludes revenues for mobilization, demobilization, contract preparation, and other incentive provisions and backlog relating to non-consolidated entities.

About Seadrill

Seadrill is a leading offshore drilling contractor utilizing advanced technology to unlock oil and gas resources for clients across harsh and benign locations around the globe. Seadrill's high-quality, technologically-advanced fleet spans all asset classes allowing its experienced crews to conduct operations across geographies, from shallow to ultra-deepwater environments.

Forward-Looking Statements

This news release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this news release, including those regarding the Company's outlook and guidance, plans, strategies, business prospects, rig activity, share repurchases, changes and trends in its business and the markets in which it operates are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements can often, but not necessarily, be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the terms "assumes", "projects", "forecasts", "estimates", "expects", "anticipates", "believes", "plans", "intends", "may", "might", "will", "would", "can", "could", "should" or, in each case, their negative, or other variations or comparable terminology. These statements are based on management's current plans, expectations, assumptions and beliefs concerning future events impacting the Company and therefore involve a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this news release. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, offshore drilling market conditions including supply and demand, day rates, customer drilling programs and effects of new rigs on the market, contract awards and rig mobilizations, contract backlog, dry-docking and other costs of maintenance of the drilling rigs in the Company's fleet, the cost and timing of shipyard and other capital projects, the performance of the drilling rigs in the Company's fleet, delay in payment or disputes with customers, Seadrill's ability to successfully employ its drilling units, procure or have access to financing, ability to comply with loan covenants, liquidity and adequacy of cash flow from operations, fluctuations in the international price of oil, international financial market conditions, inflation, changes in governmental regulations that affect the Company or the operations of the Company's fleet, increased competition in the offshore drilling industry, the impact of global economic conditions and global health threats, pandemics and epidemics, our ability to maintain relationships with suppliers, customers, employees and other third parties and our ability to maintain adequate financing to support our business plans, our ability to successfully complete any acquisitions, divestitures and mergers, our liquidity and the adequacy of cash flows for our obligations, our liquidity and the adequacy of cash flows for our obligations, our ability to satisfy the continued listing requirements of the New York Stock Exchange and the Oslo Stock Exchange, or other exchanges where our common shares may be listed, or to cure any continued listing standard deficiency with respect thereto, the cancellation of drilling contracts currently included in reported contract backlog, losses on impairment of long-lived fixed assets, shipyard, construction and other delays, the results of meetings of our shareholders, political and other uncertainties, including those related to the conflict in Ukraine and the conflict in the Middle East, the effect and results of litigation, regulatory matters, settlements, audit, assessments and contingencies, including any litigation related to the merger of the Company ("Merger") with Aquadrill LLC ("Aquadrill"), our ability to successfully integrate with Aquadrill following the Merger, the concentration of our revenues in certain geographical jurisdictions, limitations on insurance coverage, our ability to attract and retain skilled personnel on commercially reasonable terms, the level of expected capital expenditures, our expected financing of such capital expenditures, and the timing and cost of completion of capital projects, fluctuations in interest rates or exchange rates and currency devaluations relating to foreign or U.S. monetary policy, tax matters, changes in tax laws, treaties and regulations, tax assessments and liabilities for tax issues, legal and regulatory matters in the jurisdictions in which we operate, customs and environmental matters, the potential impacts on our business resulting from decarbonization and emissions legislation and regulations, the impact on our business from climate-change generally, the occurrence of cybersecurity incidents, attacks or other breaches to our information technology systems, including our rig operating systems and other important factors described from time to time in the reports filed or furnished by us with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") . Consequently, no forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. When considering these forward-looking statements, you should also keep in mind the risks described from time to time in the Company's filings with the SEC, including its Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed with the SEC on April 19, 2023 (File No. 001-39327), and subsequent reports on Form 6-K.

The Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of these factors. Further, the Company cannot assess the impact of each such factors on its business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to be materially different from those contained in any forward-looking statement.

This information is subject to disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.

Includes revenue received from related parties of $79 million, $298 million, $70 million, $216 million and $19 million for the three and twelvemonths ended December 31, 2023, the three months ended December 31, 2022, the period from February 23, 2022 through December 31, 2022 (Successor) and period from January 1, 2022 through February 22, 2022 (Predecessor) respectively.

Includes costs paid to related parties of $3 million for the period from January 1, 2022 through February 22, 2022 (Predecessor).

Appendix I - Reconciliation of Operating Profit to Adjusted EBITDA

Adjusted EBITDA represents operating profit before depreciation, amortization and similar non-cash charges. Additionally, in any given period the Company may have significant, unusual or non-recurring items which may be excluded from Adjusted EBITDA for that period. When applicable, these items are fully disclosed and incorporated into the reconciliation provided below.

Adjusted EBITDA Margin is calculated by dividing Adjusted EBITDA by total operating revenues.

Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure used by investors to measure Seadrill's ongoing financial and operating strength. The Company believes that Adjusted EBITDA assists investors by excluding the potentially disparate effects between periods of interest, other financial items, taxes and depreciation and amortization, which are affected by various and possibly changing financing methods, capital structure and historical cost basis and which may significantly affect operating profit between periods.

Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as an alternative to operating profit or any other indicator of Seadrill's performance calculated in accordance with US GAAP.

The table below reconciles operating profit to Adjusted EBITDA for the three months ended December 31, 2023 and September 30, 2023.

Primarily gains on sundry asset disposals in September 2023 and costs associated with the closure of the Company's London office in December 2023.

The table below reconciles operating profit to Adjusted EBITDA for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023.

Primarily gains on sundry asset disposals and costs associated with the closure of the Company's London office.

Appendix II - Contract Revenues Supporting Information

Excludes three drillships managed on behalf of Sonadrill (West Gemini, Sonangol Quenguela, Sonangol Libongos); and excludes rigs bareboat chartered to Gulfdrill (West Telesto, West Castor, West Tucana).

The average number of rigs on contract is calculated by dividing the aggregate days the Company's rigs were on contract during the reporting period by the number of days in that reporting period.

The average contractual dayrate is calculated by dividing the aggregate contractual dayrates during a reporting period by the aggregate number of days for the reporting period.

Economic utilization is defined as dayrate revenue earned during the period, excluding bonuses, divided by the contractual operating dayrate, multiplied by the number of days on contract in the period. If a drilling unit earns its full operating dayrate throughout a reporting period, its economic utilization would be 100%. However, there are many situations that give rise to a dayrate being earned that is less than the contractual operating rate, such as planned downtime for maintenance. In such situations, economic utilization reduces below 100%.

Appendix III - Reconciliation of net cash flows provided by operating activities to Free Cash Flow

The Company also presents Free Cash Flow as a non-GAAP liquidity measure. Free Cash Flow is calculated as net cash provided by (used in) operating activities less cash paid for additions to drilling units and equipment. The table below reconciles net cash flows provided by operating activities to Free Cash Flow for the three months ended December 31, 2023 and September 30, 2023.

NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION TO U.S. NEWSWIRE SERVICES OR FOR DISSEMINATION IN THE UNITED STATES

TORONTO, Feb. 28, 2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Hampton Financial Corporation ("Hampton" or the "Company", TSXV:HFC) advises that it has closed the non-brokered private placement of debentures previously announced in the Company's news release of February 23, 2024. Hampton has issued debentures in the principal amount of $1,000,000, having a term of five years, bearing interest at the rate of 12% per annum and convertible at any time at the option of the holder into subordinate voting shares in the capital of the Company at the price of $0.60 per share. If the entire principal amount of the debentures is converted the Company will issue 1,666,667 subordinate voting shares. The Company will have the option to prepay the principal amount of the debentures together with accrued interest at any time after 6 months following the date of issuance of the debentures. The proceeds from the private placement will be used for working capital and general corporate purposes.

About Hampton Financial Corporation

Hampton is a unique private equity firm that seeks to build shareholder value through long-term strategic investments.

Through HSL, Hampton is actively engaged in family office, wealth management, institutional services and capital markets activities. HSL is a full-service investment dealer, regulated by CIRO and registered in Alberta, British Columbia, Manitoba, Saskatchewan, Nova Scotia, Northwest Territories, Ontario, and Quebec. In addition, the Company, through HSL, provides investment banking services, which include assisting companies with raising capital, advising on mergers and acquisitions, and aiding issuers in obtaining a listing on recognized securities exchanges in Canada and abroad and HSL's Corporate Finance Group provides early stage, growing companies the capital, they need to create value for investors. HSL's Treasury Group works to maximize returns from its balance sheet and strengthen its competitive position as one of Canada's leading independent financial institutions. HSL continues to develop its Wealth Management, Advisory Team and Principal-Agent programs which offers to the industry's most experienced wealth managers a unique and flexible operating platform that provides additional freedom, financial support, and tax effectiveness as they build and manage their professional practice.

The Company is also exploring opportunities to diversify its sources of revenue by way of strategic investments in both complimentary business and non-core sectors that can leverage the expertise of its Board and the diverse experience of its management team.

The TSXV has in no way approved nor disapproved the contents of this press release. Neither the TSXV nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSXV) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this press release.

No securities regulatory authority has either approved or disapproved of the contents of this press release. This press release does not constitute or form a part of any offer or solicitation to buy or sell any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction outside of Canada. The securities being offered have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "U.S. Securities Act"), or the securities laws of any state of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to a U.S. person absent registration or pursuant to an available exemption from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and applicable state securities laws. There will be no public offering of securities in the United States.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains certain forward-looking statements and forward-looking information (collectively referred to herein as "forward-looking statements") within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities laws, which may include, but are not limited to, information and statements regarding or inferring the future business, operations, financial performance, prospects, and other plans, intentions, expectations, estimates, and beliefs of the Company. All statements other than statements of present or historical fact are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are often, but not always, identified by the use of words such as "should", "hopeful", "recovery", "anticipate", "achieve", "could", "believe", "plan", "intend", "objective", "continuous", "ongoing", "estimate", "outlook", "expect", "may", "will", "project" or similar words, including negatives thereof, suggesting future outcomes.

Forward-looking statements involve and are subject to assumptions and known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors beyond the Company's ability to predict or control which may cause actual events, results, performance, or achievements of the Company to be materially different from future events, results, performance, and achievements expressed or implied by forward-looking statements herein. Forward-looking statements are not a guarantee of future performance. Although the Company believes that any forward-looking statements herein are reasonable, in light of the use of assumptions and the significant risks and uncertainties inherent in such statements, there can be no assurance that any such forward-looking statements will prove to be accurate. Actual results may vary, and vary materially, from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements herein. Accordingly, readers are advised to rely on their own evaluation of the risks and uncertainties inherent in forward-looking statements herein and should not place undue reliance upon such forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements herein are qualified by this cautionary statement. Any forward-looking statements herein are made only as of the date hereof, and except as required by applicable laws, the Company assumes no obligation and disclaims any intention to update or revise any forward-looking statements herein or to update the reasons that actual events or results could or do differ from those projected in any forward-looking statements herein, whether as a result of new information, future events or results, or otherwise, except as required by applicable laws.

ANALYST RECOMMENDATIONS : Amex, Apollo Global Management, Crowdstrike, Workday, Abrdn...

Every morning, find a selection of analysts' recommendations covering North America and the UK. The list only includes companies that have been the subject of a change of opinion or price target, or of a new coverage. It may be updated during the session. This information can be used to shed light on movements in certain stocks or on market sentiment towards a company.

, (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- (NASDAQ: PRTG) ("Portage" or the "Company"), a clinical-stage immuno-oncology company advancing novel multi-targeted therapies for use as monotherapy and in combination, today reported financial results for the fiscal quarter ended .

"The Company is focused on advancing its ADPORT-201 Phase 1a/1b clinical trial of PORT-6 (adenosine 2A inhibitor) and PORT-7 (adenosine 2B inhibitor) in selected solid tumors. The trial is progressing well with eight academic center clinical sites enrolling patients. The Phase 1a dose escalation portion of the trial has progressed to the third cohort. The Company looks forward to making a clinical update at the 2024 (ASCO) Annual Meeting and presenting final data from the Phase 1a portion of ADPORT-601 (PORT-6) at the 2024 (SITC) Annual Meeting later this year," said Dr. , Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Portage. "We are excited about future development with these candidates, including combining our potential best-in-class adenosine 2A and adenosine 2B inhibitors at the optimum biologic doses in a biomarker enriched population and collaborating with Merck to study combinations with KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab), Merck's anti-PD-1 therapy," continued .

The Company incurred a net loss of approximately during the three months ended (the "Fiscal 2024 Quarter"), which includes approximately of net non-cash expenses, compared to a net loss of approximately during the three months ended (the "Fiscal 2023 Quarter"), an increase in net loss of , quarter-over-quarter. The increase in net loss was primarily due to non-cash losses on impairment relating to the Company's identifiable intangible assets attributable to the pausing of its PORT-2 iNKT program and its investment in , as well as the loss on the Company's equity offering in (the "Registered Direct Offering") equal to the excess of the fair value of certain warrants accounted for as liabilities issued over the proceeds raised, and offering costs, partially offset by the decrease in the deferred obligation payable (principally the iOx milestone) and a net decrease in deferred income tax liability.

Operating expenses for the Fiscal 2024 Quarter, which include research and development ("R&D") costs and general and administrative ("G&A") expenses, were in the Fiscal 2024 Quarter, compared to in the Fiscal 2023 Quarter, a decrease of , which is discussed more fully below.

R&D costs increased slightly by approximately , or approximately 1%, from approximately in the Fiscal 2023 Quarter, to approximately in the Fiscal 2024 Quarter. The increase was primarily attributable to overall increases in expenditures for the Company's clinical activities of , R&D services of and aggregate consulting and licensing fees of in the Fiscal 2024 Quarter, compared to the Fiscal 2023 Quarter primarily attributable to an overall increase in clinical trial costs associated with the clinical trials for PORT-6 and PORT-7 (adenosine assets) and PORT-2 (iNKT) before it was paused. These increases were substantially offset by reductions in manufacturing-related costs of and a reduction in non-cash share-based compensation expense of due to the vesting of prior year grants and the fact that current stock options have been granted at a lower fair value.

G&A expenses decreased by approximately , or approximately 35%, from approximately in the Fiscal 2023 Quarter, to approximately in the Fiscal 2024 Quarter. Professional fees decreased by due principally to a decrease in legal fees related to intellectual property management and costs associated with regulatory filings, as well as decreases in payroll-related expenses of and D&O insurance premiums of year-over-year resulting from changes in the insurance markets and a decrease in non-cash share-based compensation expense of attributable to the same factors as the R&D share-based compensation expense .

The Company's other pre-tax items of income and expense were substantially non-cash in nature and aggregated to approximately net expense in the Fiscal 2024 Quarter, compared to approximately net expense during the Fiscal 2023 Quarter. The primary reason for the quarter-over-quarter difference in other items of income and expense were the non-cash losses on impairment relating to the carrying value of in-process research and development ("IPR&D") of reflecting the effect of the pause in iNKT clinical development on the fair value of the related assets along with the loss on impairment relating to the Company's investment in of , as well as reflected to recognize the loss on the Registered Direct Offering, offering costs of relating to the Registered Direct Offering and, finally, commitment fee expense related to the elapsed period associated with the Company's committed equity purchase agreement. These expenses were partially offset by a gain on the reduction of the deferred obligation (iOx milestone) on of , a gain on the decrease in the deferred purchase price payable to Tarus of , and a change in the fair value of warrant liability of at .

The Company recognized a non-cash net deferred income tax benefit of in the Fiscal 2024 Quarter, compared to a non-cash net deferred income tax expense of in the Fiscal 2023 Quarter, a period-over-period change of reflecting the reduction of deferred tax liability associated with the impairment of the IPR&D related to the iNKT program, partially offset by the derecognition of certain losses previously recognized. The Fiscal 2023 Quarter reflected the recognition of current tax losses plus the change (benefit) in exchange rates on the liability settleable in British pound sterling and the change (benefit) of the change in income tax rates in the

Finally, other comprehensive income (loss) in the Fiscal 2024 Quarter of unrealized non-cash gain from the change in the fair value of the Company's investment in Intensity Therapeutics, compared to an unrealized non-cash loss of recognized in the Fiscal 2023 Quarter, a period over period change of .

As of , the Company had cash and cash equivalents of approximately and total current liabilities of approximately .

About Portage Biotech Inc.

Portage is a clinical-stage immuno-oncology company advancing multi-targeted therapies to extend survival and significantly improve the lives of patients with cancer. The Company is focused on advancing its potentially best-in-class adenosine antagonists in the ADPORT-601 trial of PORT-6 (adenosine 2A inhibitor) and PORT-7 (adenosine 2B inhibitor). These programs are being advanced using innovative trial designs and translational data to identify the patient populations most likely to benefit from treatment. The Company's unique business model leverages a strong network of academic experts and large pharma partners to rapidly and efficiently advance multiple products. For more information, please visit www.portagebiotech.com, follow us on Twitter at @PortageBiotech or find us on LinkedIn at Portage Biotech Inc.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements in this press release that are not statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. Words such as "may," "will," "should," "expect," "plan," "anticipate," "could," "intend," "target," "project," "estimate," "believe," "predict," "potential" or "continue" or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, though not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Forward-looking statements in this press release include statements concerning, among other things, the Company's plans to evaluate a range of potential strategic options which may include, among other things, finding a partner for the Company's iNKT program or other corporate transactions. As a result, forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to: the Company's plans and ability to develop and commercialize its product candidates and the timing of its development programs; the Company's clinical development of its product candidates, including the results of current and future clinical trials; the benefits and risks of the Company's product candidates as compared to others; the Company's maintenance and establishment of intellectual property rights in its product candidates; the Company's need for financing and its estimates regarding its capital requirements and future revenues and profitability; the Company's estimates of the size of the potential markets for its product candidates; the Company's selection and licensing of product candidates; and other factors set forth in "Item 3 - Key Information - Risk Factors" in the Company's Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended . Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, undue reliance should not be placed on them as actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are made as of the date hereof, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements or information, except as required by law.

(AP) -- Consumers will pay more for a flight to or for a hotel room during peak vacation times. They fork out more for a rush hour Uber ride, perhaps while grinding their teeth, and rely on apps like or to book spots for their cars at premium prices.

But a social media backlash this week to media reports that said fast-food chain Wendy's had plans to increase menu prices during its busiest hours showed a limit to where, when and for what consumers will trade more cash for convenience. It looks like a Dave's Double Combo or a Frosty won't make the cut.

Wendy's clarified its intentions Wednesday, drawing a distinction between the company's "dynamic pricing" strategy and the "surge pricing" practices that charge more during times of peak demand. The company said any fluctuations it decides to test in the future "would be designed to benefit our customers and restaurant crew members."

Here's a look at the differences between dynamic and surge pricing, which industries are using them and some of the more subtle ways in which companies build price fluctuations into their bottom lines.

Dynamic pricing and surge pricing are both models that continuously adjust prices based on a range of factors, sometimes within minutes. Dynamic pricing can involve both increasing and decreasing prices, based on market conditions, the season and supply changes. Surge pricing is a subset of dynamic pricing and only involves increasing prices, based on supply and demand, experts say.

Dynamic pricing has been part of some industries almost as long as they've had technology capable of adjusting prices quickly.

Airlines, for instance, regularly raise and lower fares depending on the time of year, expected customer surges, and projections of how many seats they can fill at various times. Flights on Sundays and Fridays, for instance, tend to cost more than those in the middle of the week. Airlines even have a name for the practice: yield management.

Hotels do much the same with room reservations. It's why you can score better deals during hurricane season or immediately following big holidays when travel tends to slump. These days, though, the actual calculations that go into reservation pricing are much more complex.

Other places where dynamic pricing shows up include concerts, sporting events, parking facilities and street meters. E-commerce retailers like also change prices algorithmically, although usually in ways shoppers don't notice.

, a managing director with research firm , said that even though dynamic pricing is already ubiquitous, the grief Wendy's got shows how sensitive consumers are to price variations.

"Dynamic pricing is common in travel and accommodations. There's a fixed level of supply," Saunders said. "But if one minute a burger is and the next minute it's , and then it goes up and down again, they will simply get annoyed. And they'll probably go elsewhere."

Experts say it's not common. But a growing number of restaurants are charging more for items that patrons order using third-party apps like and , according to , chief commerce strategy officer at , a global marketing and communications company.

Debbie Roxarzade, founder and CEO of -based Rachel's Kitchen restaurants, uses technology from a startup called Sauce Pricing to help adjust prices for users of third-party apps based on algorithms and the in-person traffic at the chain's nine restaurants.

For example, a sandwich that would cost on the regular menu might rise to for a delivery customer during peak hours but fall to during slow times such as after lunch, Roxarzade said.

"It's helpful to streamline operations and keep things fresh and clean and more consistent instead of having a huge peak in demand and then just very little sales in other hours," she said.

Roxardzade emphasized that her physical locations do not employ such dynamic pricing methods.

and other online retailers have increasingly embraced dynamic pricing based on supply and demand. The strategy goes full tilt during the Black Friday and Cyber Monday shopping bonanza.

Shoppers know that prices for a hot toy can go up ahead of the holidays, given a surge of demand, while prices for familiar games and puzzles can go down, Goldberg said.

But traditional retailers "exploitatively" raising prices based on the time of day for routine items isn't a good practice, Goldberg said.

currently faces a lawsuit accusing it of various unfair practices such as overcharging sellers and preventing them from lowering prices.

Before the coronavirus pandemic, grocers and restaurants already were playing with technology to make changing prices easier. But the pandemic pushed more restaurants and stores, particularly grocers, to turn to digital pricing because of severe labor shortages.

and other grocers have expanded their use of electronic shelf tags, relieving workers of doing the job manually so they can better help out customers. Restaurants had another reason to ditch printed menus in favor of QR codes that diners could scan to access the menu: They were worried about physical interactions during the height of high COVID-19 infection rates.

Businesses have seen more of a need to rely on digital pricing at a time of high inflation, analysts said.

"It's not that they can raise the price every hour, but they do occasionally change prices up and down, " said Goldberg. He noted that changing prices at a grocer, which typically has 20,000 items in each store, can be laborious if they have to depend on workers.

Experts say it's going to be hard to change public attitudes toward dynamic pricing, especially in fast-food restaurants. At the same time, paying to choose a seat or check a suitcase for a flight has not been around that long.

"For items and commodities that we're used to buying, like your favorite sandwich, you don't want to see the price of those things fluctuate," Goldberg said.

But "over the long run could we change the world perception? Yes," he added. "There are other examples, like airlines, where pricing models that used to be pretty static became dynamic over time."

Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without permission. , source

WHY: Rosen Law Firm, a global investor rights law firm, announces an investigation of potential securities claims on behalf of shareholders of QuidelOrtho Corporation (NASDAQ: QDEL) resulting from allegations that QuidelOrtho may have issued materially misleading business information to the investing public.

SO WHAT: If you purchased QuidelOrtho securities you may be entitled to compensation without payment of any out of pocket fees or costs through a contingency fee arrangement. The Rosen Law Firm is preparing a class action seeking recovery of investor losses.

WHAT TO DO NEXT: To join the prospective class action, go to https://rosenlegal.com/submit-form/?case_id=22828 or call Phillip Kim, Esq. toll-free at 866-767-3653 or email pkim@rosenlegal.com or cases@rosenlegal.com for information on the class action.

WHAT IS THIS ABOUT: On February 13, 2024, after market hours, QuidelOrtho issued a press release entitled "QuidelOrtho Reports Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2023 Financial Results." In this press release, the Company announced that in the fourth quarter of 2023, "[r]espiratory revenue decreased by 49% as reported and in constant currency."

On this news, the price of QuidelOrtho stock went down by $21.5 per share, or 32%, to close at $45.27 on February 14, 2023.

WHY ROSEN LAW: We encourage investors to select qualified counsel with a track record of success in leadership roles. Often, firms issuing notices do not have comparable experience, resources, or any meaningful peer recognition. Many of these firms do not actually litigate securities class actions. Be wise in selecting counsel. The Rosen Law Firm represents investors throughout the globe, concentrating its practice in securities class actions and shareholder derivative litigation. Rosen Law Firm has achieved the largest ever securities class action settlement against a Chinese Company. Rosen Law Firm was Ranked No. 1 by ISS Securities Class Action Services for number of securities class action settlements in 2017. The firm has been ranked in the top 4 each year since 2013 and has recovered hundreds of millions of dollars for investors. In 2019 alone the firm secured over $438 million for investors. In 2020, founding partner Laurence Rosen was named by law360 as a Titan of Plaintiffs' Bar. Many of the firm's attorneys have been recognized by Lawdragon and Super Lawyers.

Follow us for updates on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/the-rosen-law-firm, on Twitter: https://twitter.com/rosen_firm or on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/rosenlawfirm/.

Attorney Advertising. Prior results do not guarantee a similar outcome.

ANALYST RECOMMENDATIONS : Amex, Apollo Global Management, Crowdstrike, Workday, Abrdn...

Every morning, find a selection of analysts' recommendations covering North America and the UK. The list only includes companies that have been the subject of a change of opinion or price target, or of a new coverage. It may be updated during the session. This information can be used to shed light on movements in certain stocks or on market sentiment towards a company.

EDM's Option to gain a 15% interest in the Project extended to September 30, 2024 due to upcoming elections and government change

TORONTO, ON / ACCESSWIRE / February 28, 2024 / Ascendant Resources Inc. (TSX:ASND)(OTCQB:ASDRF)(FRA:2D9) ("Ascendant" or the "Company") is pleased to announce the results of its recent high-resolution gravity survey completed over the Venda Nova North and South Deposits at its Lagoa Salgada VMS Project, in Portugal.

Key Highlights

Mark Brennan, Executive Chairman of Ascendant stated, "The results of this most recent high-resolution gravity survey combined with reinterpreted previous IP data have identified two strong drill ready targets that have the potential to add material tonnage and value to the existing mineralization at Venda Nova and potentially enhance the overall economics relative to the recently completed feasibility study. The presence of additional massive sulphide lenses would be congruent with existing deposits on the IPB which typically consist of multiple stacked massive sulphide lenses."

He added. "Additionally, in light of upcoming elections in Portugal, and the ensuing change in government, Ascendant and its partner are pleased to grant an extension to EDM for its option on the project. We see EDM, and by extension both the government and communities of Portugal, as integral partners for the development of our project as we aim to build the next producing mine on the Iberian Pyrite Belt. "

As per the most recent NI 43-101 Feasibility Study published on July 25, 2023, the existing Primary Massive Sulphides at the Venda Nova North deposit represents 4.4 million tonnes of the total 14.6 million tonne Reserve, but given the high grade nature of this material it contributes significantly to the overall NPV of the project due to the significantly higher NSR value per tonne (US$>100 per tonne) as compared to the average material including the other lithologies. As such, the ability to expand the overall massive sulphide ore content could enhance the overall project economics significantly. The targets have been identified by their gravity signature that closely matches the existing high value, dense massive sulphide orebody we currently have at the Venda Nova North Zone. As a result, the Company is planning a drill program to more fully evaluate this potential in the near future.

The high-resolution survey was designed to map the known gravity footprint of the existing Massive Sulphide Resource of Venda Nova at a much higher resolution than previous surveys, and then use the common characteristics to search for additional potential Massive Sulphide lenses within and surrounding the Venda Nova deposit. The results outlined here have identified four high priority exploration targets each with the potential to add additional meaningful tonnage to the existing Primary Massive Sulphide endowment. The results of the survey also validate the targets suggested by previous IP/Res and TDEM surveys. The location of these targets and the high-resolution gravity survey are summarized in Figure 1. below and described in more detail subsequently.

SW of the North Zone the gravity anomaly bulges to the west of the southern half of the North Massive Sulphide ore body. According to the geophysical interpretation, based on upward and downward continuation of the Bouguer Gravity, the high-density mass sits deeper than the known ore deposits. Its center coincides with the projection of a notable volume that has chargeability and resistivity features identical to the known massive sulphides. The Company believes this can be explained geologically by a faulted displaced block of the known ore body or by a new lens occurring in the western limb of the north zone anticline. In both cases the potential massive sulphide source could extend for over 250 m along strike.

Target 2 & 3: South Sector West & East Flanks

The gravity anomaly in the Northern part of the South Zone is flanked by two discrete trends, i) The eastern flank is partially explained by two known semi massive Lenses (Pyritic) previously encountered by drilling, but suggests an extension to the north of the known area; and ii) the West Flank is untested and could represent an additional massive sulphide lens in the footwall of the south Zone trend up dip from the Stockwork mineralization. Interestingly, this Gravity anomaly sits above some of the higher-grade Copper and less transpositional mineralization intercepted at depth as part of the previous infill campaign. This may suggest the potential to have a more copper rich massive sulphide lens in this area.

Target 4: Anomaly Delta

The fourth gravity anomaly corresponds to a previously announced IP anomaly, Anomaly Delta. However, the new gravity data locate the target a few hundred meters to the north of previous drilling.

Detailed Gravity Survey

The survey was conducted between January and February of this year by McKeown Exploration Services, using a Scintrex CG-6 gravimeter and a Trimble real-time Differential GPS. It consisted of 788 unique gravity stations spaced at a nominal 25 and 50m station spacing on an inclined grid with an azimuth of 66.3/246.3 true, with lines nominally spaced 100m and 200m apart. In areas of interest, e.g., the profiles across the known North Zone VMS deposit, the station spacing was tightened to 25m separation in order to permit detailing of the gravitational variation across the known mineralization. A 25m station spacing can define the local profiles well enough to permit downward continuation filtering of the data, to sharpen the resolution of targets deeper than the base of the Tertiary cover. Data analysis was conducted by Intelligent Exploration.

The Bouguer gravity map exhibited in Figure 3, below, shows a clear anomaly over the known VMS deposit in the North Zone. The overall axis of the gravity high is NNW-SSE, parallel to the inferred axial plane of a tight, near vertical fold long believed to host this deposit.

A saddle separates the mass excess over the North VMS zone from a clear second peak about 500m to the south-southeast in the South Zone. This peak extends farther toward the SSE where it is less intense but coincides with the known South Zone of re-mobilized stockwork mineralization. It should be noted that this gravity signature would typically not be explained by the density of the known stockwork mineralization and suggests that additional higher density material is present.

It is clear from Figure 4 below that 1) the VMS anomaly in the North extends farther west than the known deposit and that 2) a second significant anomaly occupies the northern extent of the South Zone where it is largely undrilled.

EDM Extension

Additionally, the Company announces Empresa de Desenvolvimento Mineiro ("EDM") requested and has been granted an extension to the term of its option agreement for a 15% interest in the Lagoa Salgada Project. The extension has been granted by the Company's 80% owned subsidiary Redcorp - Empreendimentos Mineiros, Lda ("Redcorp") and extends the deadline for exercise from February 3, 2024 to September 30, 2024.

Although EDM had shown strong interest in the Lagoa Salgada project, after the resignation of the Prime Minister of Portugal, on November 7, 2023, which led to the dissolution of the Assembly of the Republic and the scheduling of elections for March 10, 2024, a request for an extension was requested. With the interim nature of the current government, the ability for EDM to make a decision is constrained. Given this scenario, an extension of the option for EDM was agreed. In the meantime, a memorandum of cooperation has been signed between Redcorp and EDM for the support to the development and licensing of the Lagoa Salgada project.

Under the various agreements Empresa de Desenvolvimento Mineiro S.A. ("EDM"), the Portuguese State Mining Development Agency, has an option to participate in or sell up to a 15% interest in the Project by making an election by September 30, 2024 (the "EDM Option"). If EDM elects to exercise the EDM Option, then the Company is entitled to exercise call options causing the transfer from Mineral & Financial Inc. ("M&FI") of the free carried interest quotas of the Lagoa Salgada concessionaire, Redcorp Empreendimentos Mineiros, Lda ("Redcorp"), to Ascendant such that Ascendant would continue to own an 80% interest in the Project and MF&I would hold 5%.

The agreements also provide that M&FI shall have the right and option, but not the obligation, to exercise its put option commencing on the date on which EDM makes its election and terminating four (4) months thereafter, to require Ascendant to purchase all of the Redcorp shares then held by M&FI, representing a 5% interest in Redcorp by paying the put price to M&FI. The put price would be an amount in US dollars, payable in cash, equal to 5% of the post-tax net present value of the Project provided in the then current feasibility study using a 10.5% discount rate (the "Put Option").

If both the EDM Option and the Put Option are executed, the Company would hold an 85% interest in the Project and EDM would hold a 15% fully contributing interest, with each party required to contribute pro rata, subject to standard dilution clauses.

Review of Technical Information

The scientific and technical information in this press release has been reviewed and approved by Sergio Gelcich, P.Geo., Vice President, Exploration for Ascendant Resources Ltd, who is a Qualified Person as defined in National Instrument 43-101.

About Ascendant Resources Inc.

Ascendant Resources is a Toronto-based mining company focused on the exploration and development of the highly prospective Lagoa Salgada VMS project located on the prolific Iberian Pyrite Belt in Portugal. The Lagoa Salgada project is a high-grade polymetallic project, demonstrating a typical mineralization endowment of zinc, copper, lead, tin, silver, and gold. Extensive exploration upside potential lies both near deposit and at prospective step-out targets across the large 7,209-hectare property concession.

Located just 80km from Lisbon and surrounded by exceptional infrastructure, Lagoa Salgada offers a low-cost entry to a significant exploration and development opportunity, already showing its mineable scale and cashflow generation potential.

Ascendant currently holds an 80% interest in the Lagoa Salgada project through its position in Redcorp - Empreendimentos Mineiros, Lda, ("Redcorp"). The Company's common shares are principally listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbol "ASND". For more information on Ascendant, please visit our website at http://www.ascendantresources.com/.

Additional information relating to the Company is available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com.

This press release contains statements that constitute "forward-looking information" (collectively, "forward-looking statements") within the meaning of the applicable Canadian securities legislation. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements and are based on expectations, estimates and projections as at the date of this news release. Any statement that discusses predictions, expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, assumptions, future events or performance (often but not always using phrases such as "expects", or "does not expect", "is expected", "anticipates" or "does not anticipate", "plans", "budget", "scheduled", "forecasts", "estimates", "believes" or "intends" or variations of such words and phrases or stating that certain actions, events or results "may" or "could", "would", "might" or "will" be taken to occur or be achieved) are not statements of historical fact and may be forward-looking statements.

Vancouver, Canada--(Newsfile Corp. - February 28, 2024) - Turnium Technology Group Inc. (TSXV: TTGI) (FSE: E48) ("Turnium" or "the Company"), is pleased to provide a corporate update regarding its acquisition strategy.

The Company is pleased to announce that it has entered into a non-binding Letter of Intent (the "LOI") to acquire Claratti Limited ("Claratti"), a provider of managed IT Solutions for enterprises covering areas such as internet and telecommunications services, remote work and connectivity, cybersecurity and high-quality hardware and software. Claratti is headquartered in Perth, Australia and serves hundreds of clients across Australia.

Pursuant to the LOI, the Company will acquire 100% of the issued and outstanding securities of Claratti (the "Acquisition") in exchange for:

The Common Shares issuable pursuant to the Acquisition will be subject to contractual escrow provisions, providing for release from escrow over an 18-month period.

The Acquisition is subject to approval of the TSX Venture Exchange.

Claratti would mark the first acquisition completed by Turnium since its RTO in June 2022. "We believe we can leverage Claratti's Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS) platform to deliver an integrated tech stack including SD-WAN, and the speed improvements from V7, to an increased global customer base. We continue to evaluate other acquisitions as we look to scale our revenue over the next few years," stated Turnium Chairman Ralph Garcea.

CEO Transition

The Company also announces that Mr. Derek Spratt will be retiring as CEO, effective February 29, 2024, but will continue as a Director. We would like to thank Mr. Spratt for his efforts over the last couple of years as we dealt with many major corporate events, including the Company's reverse takeover to list on the TSX Venture Exchange, the retirement of our debt facility and other cost-cutting initiatives. As part of the transition process, the Company has implemented an Office of the CEO consisting of Founder/Director Johan Arnet and Director Jim Lovie. All decisions going forward, until a permanent replacement for the role of CEO has been appointed, will be a collaborative effort between the Chairman, Mr. Arnet and Mr. Lovie, with input from the rest of the Board. The Board of Directors believes that having multiple individuals share the responsibilities of the CEO role can be beneficial, with each member of the Office of the CEO having their own set of responsibilities and areas of focus, allowing the Company to leverage the unique skills and experiences of each Director. The Company anticipates that this will provide a broader perspective and enable more effective decision-making during the transition. We look forward to updating investors with regards to a permanent CEO in due course.

About Claratti Limited

Claratti is a full-service 360-degree technology provider, partnering with businesses to deliver secure solutions to solve real problems. From the supply of the physical device, software licensing, installation and 24x7x365 global support, Claratti delivers a true single-vendor experience. We empower your organisation to work the way you need to, by allowing your staff to work securely from anywhere, on any device. It's not just a mobile desktop; we give you the ability to access your entire office, your files, your software, and your phones-it's a complete Virtual Workspace. Claratti solution is ISO 27001 certified and comes with cybersecurity package options which range from basic to military grade protection. Claratti was built for scale and caters to any size business, running any applications. It doesn't matter where you're located, which industry you're in, or the complexity of your system-we've got your entire IT suite covered.

Turnium Technology Group Inc. delivers its SD-WAN solution as a white label, disaggregated software platform that OEM channel partners host, manage, brand, and price. Turnium is also available to Resellers as a Turnium-branded managed service. Turnium SD-WAN solutions is sold through a channel partner program designed for Communications Service Providers, Internet and Managed Service Providers, System Integrators, and Value-Added Resellers.

SD-WAN is revolutionizing the networking and telecommunications industry by abstracting secure, high-speed networking and network control from underlying physical circuits. SD-WAN frees enterprises, small and medium businesses, cloud and managed services providers from the business and cost constraints imposed by traditional telecommunications companies.

Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSXV) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.

Forward-Looking Information

This press release contains "forward-looking information" within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities legislation. Generally, forward-looking information can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as "plans", "expects" or "does not expect", "is expected", "budget", "scheduled", "estimates", "forecasts", "intends", "anticipates" or "does not anticipate", or "believes", or variations of such words and phrases or state that certain acts, events or results "may", "could", "would", "might" or "will be taken", "occur" or "be achieved". Forward-looking information is subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements of the Company, as the case may be, to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking information. Although the Company has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking information, there may be other factors that cause results not to be as anticipated, estimated or intended. There can be no assurance that such information will prove to be accurate, as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking information. Actual results and developments may differ materially from those contemplated by these statements depending on, among other things, the risks that the Company and Claratti will not reach a definitive agreement with respect to the Acquisition, or that the Acquisition will not be successfully completed for any reason (including failure to obtain the required acceptance from the TSX Venture Exchange). The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking information, except in accordance with applicable securities laws.

To view the source version of this press release, please visit https://www.newsfilecorp.com/release/199742

TORONTO, Feb. 28, 2024 /PRNewswire/ - Spin Master Corp. ("Spin Master" or the "Company") (TSX: TOY; www.spinmaster.com), a leading global children's entertainment company, today announced its financial results for the three months and year ended December 31, 2023. The Company's full Management's Discussion and Analysis ("MD&A") for the three months and year ended December 31, 2023 is available under the Company's profile on SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.com) and posted on the Company's web site at www.spinmaster.com. All financial information is presented in United States dollars ("$", "dollars" and "US$") and has been rounded to the nearest hundred thousand, except per share amounts and where otherwise indicated.

"We are very pleased with how our team navigated the challenging macroeconomic environment to deliver revenue growth across toys, entertainment, and digital games in the fourth quarter. Our Toys creative center grew in the fourth quarter, outperforming the global industry which declined," said Max Rangel, Global President & CEO. "We harnessed the strength of our three creative centres to meet our full-year revenue expectations. While our Toy revenue declined for the full year compared to 2022, our POS remained ahead of the industry and we grew market share globally, by introducing innovation into the toy aisle, engaging fans of popular franchises both licensed and owned, and growing our evergreen brands to create magical play experiences for millions of children globally. We saw strong increases in Entertainment from the PAW Patrol movie and the delivery of the Unicorn Academy series, and we grew Digital Games revenue, highlighting the power of our diversified portfolio to drive long-term growth. Looking forward, we are excited by the growth opportunities ahead of us across our three creative centres. In Toys, we will focus on integrating and growing Melissa & Doug, the leading brand in early childhood play, launching innovative licensed toy lines for Ms. Rachel, celebrating Rubik's 50 anniversary, and driving innovation and performance across all our core toy brands. In Entertainment, we will build on the positive momentum from the PAW Patrol movie and drive our new Unicorn Academy and Vida the Vet franchises. In Digital Games, we will continue to grow Toca Life World and the Piknik subscription bundle, and focus on the launches of our new mobile digital games Toca Days and Rubik's Match. We're confident in the strength of our diversified global platform and portfolio of franchises, brands and games to create long-term growth and shareholder value."

"We achieved $1.9 billion in revenue for 2023, generated a record $419 million in Adjusted EBITDA and ended the year with our highest ever available liquidity, including over $705 million in cash," said Mark Segal, Spin Master's Chief Financial Officer. "Just after the year end, we closed the acquisition of Melissa & Doug, which we are now integrating. Looking forward, we continue to maintain a strong balance sheet and cash flow generation capability, with the capacity to continue investing in innovation and strategic acquisitions. Our financial framework, grounded in our growth formula across our three creative centres, positions us both financially and operationally to achieve and sustain long-term, profitable growth."

Consolidated Financial Highlights for Q4 2023 as compared to the same period in 2022

Consolidated Financial Highlights for the year ended December 31, 2023 as compared to the same period in 2022

Consolidated Financial Results as compared to the same period in 2022

Segmented Financial Results as compared to the same period in 2022

The following table provides a summary of the Toys segment operating results, for the three months ended December 31, 2023 and 2022:

The following table provides a summary of Entertainment segment operating results, for the three months ended December 31, 2023 and 2022:

The following table provides a summary of Digital Games segment operating results, for the three months ended December 31, 2023 and 2022:

For the year ended December 31, 2023, Free Cash Flow was $122.9 million compared to $149.9 million, due to lower cash flow provided by operating activities and higher cash flow used in investing activities.

During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company acquired certain assets from 4D Brands International Inc. for total purchase consideration of $18.9 million and acquired the HEXBUG brand of toys from Innovation First International, Inc., for total purchase consideration of $14.6 million.

During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company repurchased and cancelled 397,700 subordinate voting shares through the Company's NCIB program for $10.5 million.

The Company has an unsecured five-year revolving credit facility (the "Facility") with a borrowing capacity of $510.0 million which matures on September 28, 2026, and contains certain financial covenants.

On November 20, 2023, the Company entered a one-year non-revolving credit facility (the "Acquisition Facility") in anticipation of the closing of the Melissa & Doug acquisition, with a borrowing capacity of $225.0 million which matures on November 19, 2024, and contains certain financial covenants.

As at December 31, 2023, the Company had unutilized liquidity of $1,439.2 million, comprised of $705.7 million in Cash and cash equivalents and $733.5 million under the Company's credit facilities.

The weighted average basic and diluted shares outstanding as at December 31, 2023 were 103.5 million and 105.7 million, compared to 102.9 million and 106.5 million in the prior year, respectively.

Toronto Stock Exchange (the "TSX") Acceptance of Normal Course Issuer Bid

The TSX has accepted the Company's notice to launch a Normal Course Issuer Bid (the "Bid"). Under the Bid, the Company may repurchase on the open market at its discretion and subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, during the period commencing on March 4, 2024 and ending on the earlier of March 3, 2025 and the completion of purchases under the Bid, up to 2,984,559 subordinate voting shares, representing approximately 10% of the "public float" (within the meaning of the rules of the TSX), subject to the normal terms and limitations of such bids. Under the TSX rules, the average daily trading volume of the subordinate voting shares on the TSX during the six months ended January 31, 2024 was approximately 65,548 and, accordingly, daily purchases on the TSX pursuant to the Bid will be limited to 16,387 subordinate voting shares, other than purchases made pursuant to the block purchase exception. The actual number of subordinate voting shares which may be purchased pursuant to the Bid and the timing of any such purchases will be determined by the management of the Company, subject to applicable law and the rules of the TSX.

Purchases are expected to be made through the facilities of TSX and/or alternative Canadian trading systems, or by such other means as may be permitted by the Ontario Securities Commission or other applicable Canadian Securities Administrators, at prevailing market prices. The Bid will be funded using existing cash resources and draws on its credit facility, and any subordinate voting shares repurchased by the Company under the Bid will be cancelled.

As of February 19, 2024, the Company had 35,058,092 issued and outstanding subordinate voting shares and a "public float" (within the meaning of the rules of the TSX) of 29,845,990 subordinate voting shares.

The Company believes that the purchases are in the best interest of the Company and constitute a desirable use of its funds. The program will be executed consistent with Spin Master's capital allocation strategy of prioritizing investment to grow the business over the long term.

Pursuant to a previous notice of intention to conduct a normal course issuer bid, under which the Company sought acceptance of the TSX to purchase up to 2,845,904 subordinate voting shares and which was announced by the Corporation on January 5, 2023 and expired on January 8, 2024, the Company repurchased and cancelled 397,700 subordinate voting shares on the open market at an average purchase price of $36.51 per share.

The Company has also agreed to the form of an automatic share purchase plan (an "ASPP") with a designated broker to allow for the purchase of subordinate voting shares under the Bid at times when the Company would ordinarily not be permitted to purchase shares due to regulatory restrictions or self-imposed blackout periods. The ASPP has been cleared by the TSX and will be entered into in connection with the commencement of the Bid.

Certain statements, other than statements of historical fact, contained in this Press Release constitute "forward-looking information" within the meaning of certain securities laws, including the Securities Act (Ontario), and are based on expectations, estimates and projections as of the date on which the statements are made in this Press Release. The words "plans", "expects", "projected", "estimated", "forecasts", "anticipates", "indicative", "intend", "guidance", "outlook", "potential", "prospects", "seek", "strategy", "targets" or "believes", or variations of such words and phrases or statements that certain future conditions, actions, events or results "will", "may", "could", "would", "should", "might" or "can", or negative versions thereof, "be taken", "occur", "continue" or "be achieved", and other similar expressions, identify statements containing forward-looking information. Statements of forward-looking information in this Press Release include, without limitation, statements with respect to: the acquisition of Melissa & Doug, including its expected impact on the Company's business, financial performance and creation of value; the Company's outlook for 2024; future financial performance and growth expectations, as well as the drivers and trends in respect thereof; the Company's priorities, plans and strategies; content, digital game and product pipeline and launches, as well as their impacts; deployment of cash; dividend policy and future dividends; financial position, cash flows, liquidity and financial performance; the creation of long term shareholder value; and the Company's intention to commence the Bid, the timing, quantity and funding of any purchases of subordinate voting shares under the Bid and the ASPP, and the expected facilities through which any such purchases may be made..

Forward-looking statements are necessarily based upon management's perceptions of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as well as a number of specific factors and assumptions that, while considered reasonable by management as of the date on which the statements are made in this Press Release, are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies which could result in the forward-looking statements ultimately being incorrect. In addition to any factors and assumptions set forth above in this Press Release, the material factors and assumptions used to develop the forward-looking information include, but are not limited to: the Company will be able to successfully integrate the acquisition; the Company will be able to successfully expand its portfolio across new channels and formats, and internationally; achieve other expected benefits through this acquisition; management's estimates and expectations in relation to future economic and business conditions and other factors in relation to the Company's financial performance in addition to the proposed transaction and resulting impact on growth in various financial metrics; the realization of the expected strategic, financial and other benefits of the proposed transaction in the timeframe anticipated; the absence of significant undisclosed costs or liabilities associated with the proposed transaction; Melissa & Doug's business will perform in line with the industry; there are no material changes to Melissa & Doug's core customer base; implementation of certain information technology systems and other typical acquisition related cost savings; the Company's dividend payments being subject to the discretion of the Board of Directors and dependent on a variety of factors and conditions existing from time to time; seasonality; ability of factories to manufacture products, including labour size and allocation, tooling, raw material and component availability, ability to shift between product mix, and customer acceptance of delayed delivery dates; the steps taken will create long term shareholder value; the expanded use of advanced technology, robotics and innovation the Company applies to its products will have a level of success consistent with its past experiences; the Company will continue to successfully secure, maintain and renew broader licenses from third parties for premiere children's properties consistent with past practices, and the success of the licenses; the expansion of sales and marketing offices in new markets will increase the sales of products in that territory; the Company will be able to successfully identify and integrate strategic acquisition and minority investment opportunities; the Company will be able to maintain its distribution capabilities; the Company will be able to leverage its global platform to grow sales from acquired brands; the Company will be able to recognize and capitalize on opportunities earlier than its competitors; the Company will be able to continue to build and maintain strong, collaborative relationships; the Company will maintain its status as a preferred collaborator; the culture and business structure of the Company will support its growth; the current business strategies of the Company will continue to be desirable on an international platform; the Company will be able to expand its portfolio of owned branded intellectual property and successfully license it to third parties; use of advanced technology and robotics in the Company's products will expand; the Company will be able to continue to develop and distribute entertainment content in the form of movies, TV shows and short form content; the Company will be able to continue to design, develop and launch mobile digital games to be distributed globally via app stores; access of entertainment content on mobile platforms will expand; fragmentation of the market will continue to create acquisition opportunities; the Company will be able to maintain its relationships with its employees, suppliers, retailers and license partners; the Company will continue to attract qualified personnel to support its development requirements; the Company's key personnel will continue to be involved in the Company products, mobile digital games and entertainment properties will be launched as scheduled; and the availability of cash for dividends and that the risk factors noted in this Press Release, collectively, do not have a material impact on the Company.

By its nature, forward-looking information is subject to inherent risks and uncertainties that may be general or specific and which give rise to the possibility that expectations, forecasts, predictions, projections or conclusions will not prove to be accurate, that assumptions may not be correct, and that objectives, strategic goals and priorities will not be achieved. Known and unknown risk factors, many of which are beyond the control of the Company, could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking information in this Press Release. Such risks and uncertainties include, without limitation, risks relating to the inability to successfully integrate the Melissa & Doug business; the potential failure to realize anticipated benefits from the proposed transaction; concentration of manufacturing and geopolitical risks; uncertainty and adverse changes in general economic conditions and consumer spending habits; and the factors discussed in the Company's disclosure materials, including the Annual or subsequent, most recent interim MD&A and the Company's most recent Annual Information Form, filed with the securities regulatory authorities in Canada and available under the Company's profile on SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.com). These risk factors are not intended to represent a complete list of the factors that could affect the Company and investors are cautioned to consider these and other factors, uncertainties and potential events carefully and not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements.

There can be no assurance that forward-looking statements will prove to be accurate, as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. Forward-looking statements are provided for the purpose of providing information about management's expectations and plans relating to the future, including the expected performance of the Company. The Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, or to explain any material difference between subsequent actual events and such forward-looking statements, except to the extent required by applicable law.

The call-in numbers for participants are (416) 764-8650 or (888) 664-6383. A live webcast of the call will be accessible via Spin Master's website at: http://www.spinmaster.com/events.php. Following the call, both an audio recording and transcript of the call will be archived on the same website page for 12 months.

About Spin Master

Spin Master Corp. (TSX:TOY) is a leading global children's entertainment company, creating exceptional play experiences through its three creative centres: Toys, Entertainment and Digital Games. With distribution in over 100 countries, Spin Master is best known for award-winning brands PAW Patrol, Bakugan, Kinetic Sand, Air Hogs, Melissa & Doug, Hatchimals, Rubik's Cube and GUND, and is the global toy licensee for other popular properties. Spin Master Entertainment creates and produces compelling multiplatform content, through its in-house studio and partnerships with outside creators, including the preschool franchise PAW Patrol and numerous other original shows, short-form series and feature films. The Company has an established presence in digital games, anchored by the Toca Boca and Sago Mini brands, offering open-ended and creative game and educational play in digital environments. Through Spin Master Ventures, the Company makes minority investments globally in emerging companies and start-ups. With 31 offices spanning nearly 20 countries, Spin Master employs close to 3,000 team members globally. For more information visit spinmaster.com or follow-on Instagram, Facebook and Twitter @spinmaster.

In addition to using financial measures prescribed under International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS"), references are made in this Press Release to the following terms, each of which is a non-GAAP financial measure:

Non-GAAP financial measures do not have any standardized meaning prescribed by IFRS and therefore may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers.

Additionally, references are made in this Press Release to the following terms, each of which is a non-GAAP financial ratio:

Non-GAAP financial ratios are ratios or percentages that are calculated using a Non-GAAP financial measure. Non-GAAP financial ratios do not have any standardized meaning prescribed by IFRS and therefore may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers.

Management believes the Non-GAAP financial measures and Non-GAAP financial ratios defined above are important supplemental measures of operating performance and highlight trends in the business. Management believes that these measures allow for assessment of the Company's operating performance and financial condition on a basis that is consistent and comparable between reporting periods. The Company believes that investors, lenders, securities analysts and other interested parties frequently use these Non-GAAP financial measures and Non-GAAP financial ratios in the evaluation of issuers.

Non-GAAP Financial Measures

Toy Gross Product Sales represent Toy revenues, excluding the impact of Sales Allowances. As Sales Allowances are generally not associated with individual products, the Company uses Toy Gross Product Sales to provide meaningful comparisons across product categories and geographical results to highlight trends in Spin Master's business. For a reconciliation of Toy Gross Product Sales to Revenue, the closest IFRS measure, refer to the revenue tables for the three and year ended December 31, 2023, as compared to the same period in 2022 in this Press Release.

Melissa & Doug Toy Gross Product Sales represent Toy revenues contributed by Melissa & Doug, excluding the impact of Sales Allowances, to measure the underlying financial performance of the business on a consistent basis over time.

Toy Gross Product Sales, excluding Melissa & Doug represent Toy revenues, excluding Melissa & Doug Toy Gross Product Sales and the impact of Sales Allowances, to measure the underlying financial performance of the business on a consistent basis over time.

Melissa & Doug Revenue represent revenue contributed by Melissa & Doug, to measure the underlying financial performance of the business on a consistent basis over time.

Consolidated Revenue, excluding Melissa & Doug is calculated as revenue excluding Melissa & Doug Revenue, to measure the underlying financial performance of the business on a consistent basis over time.

Constant Currency Toy Gross Product Sales, Constant Currency Sales Allowances, Constant Currency Toy Revenue, Constant Currency Entertainment Revenue, Constant Currency Digital Games Revenue, and Constant Currency Revenue represent Toy Gross Product Sales, Sales Allowance, Toy revenue, Entertainment revenue, Digital Games revenue, and Revenue presented excluding the impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates, respectively. The current period and prior period results for entities reporting in currencies other than the US dollar are translated using consistent exchange rates, rather than using the actual exchange rate in effect during the respective periods. The difference between the current period and prior period results using the consistent exchange rates reflects the changes in the underlying performance results, excluding the impact from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Management uses Constant Currency Toy Gross Product Sales, Constant Currency Sales Allowances, Constant Currency Toy Revenue, Constant Currency Entertainment Revenue, Constant Currency Digital Games Revenue, and Constant Currency Revenue to measure the underlying financial performance of the business on a consistent basis over time. Refer to the "Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" section for a reconciliation of these metrics to Revenue, the closest IFRS measure.

Adjusted EBITDA is calculated as Operating Income before interest income and interest expense and depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) excluding adjustments that do not necessarily reflect the Company's underlying financial performance. These adjustments include restructuring and other related costs, foreign exchange gains or losses, share based compensation expenses, acquisition related contingent consideration, impairment of intangible assets, impairment of goodwill, investment distribution income, loss on Minority interest and other investments, acquisition related deferred incentive compensation, net unrealized gain or loss on investment, impairment of property, plant and equipment, legal settlement, transaction cost and gain on disposal of asset. Adjusted EBITDA is used by management as a measure of the Company's profitability. Refer to the "Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" section below for a reconciliation of this metric to Operating Income (Loss), the closest IFRS measure.

Adjusted Operating Income (Loss) is calculated as Operating Income (Loss) excluding adjustments (as defined in Adjusted EBITDA). Adjusted Operating Income (Loss) is used by management as a measure of the Company's profitability. Refer to the "Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" section below for a reconciliation of this metric to Operating Income (Loss), the closest IFRS measure.

Adjusted Net Income (Loss) is calculated as Net Income (Loss) excluding adjustments (as defined in Adjusted EBITDA), the corresponding impact these items have on income tax expense. Management uses Adjusted Net Income (Loss) to measure the underlying financial performance of the business on a consistent basis over time. Refer to the "Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" section below for a reconciliation of this metric to Operating Income (Loss), the closest IFRS measure.

Free Cash Flow is calculated as cash flows provided by/used in operating activities reduced by cash flows used in investing activities and adding back cash used for business acquisitions, advance paid for business acquisitions, asset acquisitions, investment in limited partnership, Minority interest and other investments, proceeds from sale of manufacturing operations and net of investment distribution income. Management uses the Free Cash Flow metric to analyze the cash flows being generated by the Company's business. Refer to the "Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" section for a reconciliation of this metric to Cash flow from operating activities, the closest IFRS measure.

Revenue, excluding PAW Patrol: The Mighty Movie Distribution Revenue is calculated as revenue excluding distribution revenue of $15.6 million related to PAW Patrol: The Mighty Movie. Revenue, excluding PAW Patrol: The Mighty Movie Distribution Revenue is used to measure the underlying financial performance of the business on a consistent basis over time.

Adjusted EBITDA, excluding PAW Patrol: The Mighty Movie Distribution Revenue is calculated as Adjusted EBITDA excluding distribution revenue related to PAW Patrol: The Mighty Movie. Adjusted EBITDA, excluding PAW Patrol: The Mighty Movie Distribution Revenue is used by management as a measure of the Company's profitability on a consistent basis over time.

Non-GAAP Financial Ratios

Sales Allowances as a percentage of Toy Gross Product Sales is calculated by dividing Sales Allowances by Toy Gross Product Sales. Management uses Sales Allowance as a percentage of Toy Gross Product Sales to identify and compare the cost of doing business with individual retailers, different geographic markets and amongst various distribution channels.

Percentage change in Constant Currency Toy Gross Product Sales is calculated by dividing the change in Toy Gross Product Sales excluding the impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates by the Toy Gross Product Sales of the comparative period. Management uses Percentage change in Constant Currency Toy Gross Product Sales to measure the underlying financial performance of the business on a consistent basis over time excluding the impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates.

Percentage change in Constant Currency Sales Allowances is calculated by dividing the change in Sales Allowances excluding the impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates by the Sales Allowances of the comparative period. Management uses Percentage change in Constant Currency Sales Allowances to measure the underlying financial performance of the business on a consistent basis over time excluding the impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates.

Percentage change in Constant Currency Toy Revenue is calculated by dividing the change in Toy Revenue excluding the impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates by the Toy Revenue of the comparative period. Management uses Percentage change in Constant Currency Toy Revenue to measure the underlying financial performance of the business on a consistent basis over time excluding the impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates.

Percentage change in Constant Currency Entertainment Revenue is calculated by dividing the change in Entertainment revenue excluding the impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates by the Entertainment revenue of the comparative period. Management uses Percentage change in Constant Currency Entertainment Revenue to measure the underlying financial performance of the business on a consistent basis over time excluding the impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates.

Percentage change in Constant Currency Digital Games Revenue is calculated by dividing the change in Digital Games revenue excluding the impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates by the Digital Games revenue of the comparative period. Management uses Percentage change in Constant Currency Digital Games Revenue to measure the underlying financial performance of the business on a consistent basis over time excluding the impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates.

Percentage change in Constant Currency Revenue is calculated by dividing the change in Revenue excluding the impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates by the Revenue of the comparative period. Management uses Percentage change in Constant Currency Revenue to measure the underlying financial performance of the business on a consistent basis over time excluding the impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates.

Adjusted EBITDA Margin is calculated as Adjusted EBITDA divided by Revenue. Management uses Adjusted EBITDA Margin to evaluate the Company's performance compared to internal targets and to benchmark its performance against key competitors.

Melissa & Doug Toy Gross Product Sales represent Toy revenues contributed by Melissa & Doug, excluding the impact of Sales Allowances, to measure the underlying financial performance of the business on a consistent basis over time.

Toy Gross Product Sales, excluding Melissa & Doug represent Toy revenues, excluding Melissa & Doug Toy Gross Product Sales and the impact of Sales Allowances, to measure the underlying financial performance of the business on a consistent basis over time.

Melissa & Doug Revenue represent revenue contributed by Melissa & Doug, to measure the underlying financial performance of the business on a consistent basis over time.

Consolidated Revenue, excluding Melissa & Doug is calculated as revenue excluding Melissa & Doug Revenue, to measure the underlying financial performance of the business on a consistent basis over time.

Adjusted Operating Margin is calculated as Adjusted Operating Income (Loss) divided by Revenue. Management uses Adjusted Operating Margin to evaluate the Company's performance compared to internal targets and to benchmark its performance against key competitors.

Adjusted Basic EPS is calculated by dividing Adjusted Net Income (Loss) by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period. Adjusted Diluted EPS is calculated by dividing Adjusted Net Income (Loss) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding, assuming the conversion of all dilutive securities were exercised during the period. Management uses Adjusted Basic EPS and Adjusted Diluted EPS to measure the underlying financial performance of the business on a consistent basis over time.

Adjusted EBITDA Margin, excluding PAW Patrol: The Mighty Movie Distribution Revenue is calculated as Adjusted EBITDA excluding PAW Patrol: The Mighty Movie Distribution Revenue divided by Revenue, excluding PAW Patrol: The Mighty Movie Distribution Revenue. Management uses Adjusted EBITDA Margin excluding PAW Patrol: The Mighty Movie Distribution Revenue to evaluate the Company's performance compared to internal targets and to benchmark its performance against key competitors on a consistent basis over time.

Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures

The following table presents a reconciliation of Operating (Loss) Income to Adjusted Operating Income (Loss), Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, excluding PAW Patrol: The Mighty Movie Distribution Revenue, Adjusted Net Income, and cash used in operating activities and investing activities to Free Cash Flow for the three months ended December 31, 2023 and 2022:

The following table presents a reconciliation of Operating Income to Adjusted Operating Income, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, excluding PAW Patrol: The Mighty Movie Distribution Revenue, Adjusted Net Income, and cash from operating activities to Free Cash Flow for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022:

The following tables present reconciliations of Revenue to Constant Currency Toy Gross Product Sales, Revenue to Constant Currency Digital Games revenue, Revenue to Constant Currency Entertainment Revenue, and Revenue to Constant Currency Revenue for the three months and year ended December 31, 2023, and 2022:

The following tables present the composition of Percentage change in Constant Currency Toy Gross Product Sales, Percentage change in Constant Currency Sales Allowances, Percentage change in Constant Currency Entertainment Revenue, Percentage change in Constant Currency Digital Games Revenue, and Percentage change in Constant Currency Revenue for the three months and year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022:

Segment Results

The Company's results from operations by reportable segment for the three months ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 are as follows:

The following table presents a reconciliation of Melissa & Doug's Operating Income to Adjusted EBITDA for the year ended December 29, 2023 and December 30, 2022:

ADDENDUM

Effective January 1, 2024, Spin Master has changed its product categories to align with the Company's product offerings going forward. The following table restates 2023 Toy Gross Product Sales in the same format that the Company presents Toy Gross Product Sales in 2024:

Toronto, Ontario--(Newsfile Corp. - February 28, 2024) - DGTL Holdings Inc. (TSXV: DGTL) (OTC Pink: DGTHF) (FSE: D0G) (the "Company" or "DGTL") announces that in accordance with the terms and conditions of the unsecured convertible debenture units issued on March 1, 2022, (the "Debenture Units"), DGTL has received all formal conversion notices from the Debenture Unit holders to issue 2,893,333 common shares of the Company (the "Common Shares") as settlement on an aggregate principal amount of $868,000, following a previous issuance of 666,667 Common Shares for the settlement of $200,000 of Debenture Units which took place last year, on February 27, 2023. All Common Shares have, and will, be issued at the conversion price of $0.30 per Common Share. The total issued and outstanding Common Shares of the Company following the conversion of the Debenture Units is 63,985,104.

DGTL Holdings Inc.

Email: IR@dgtlinc.com

Phone: +1 (877) 879-3485

Neither the TSXV nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in policies of the TSXV) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.

To view the source version of this press release, please visit https://www.newsfilecorp.com/release/199747

Calgary, Alberta--(Newsfile Corp. - February 28, 2024) - Baytex Energy Corp. (TSX: BTE) (NYSE: BTE) ("Baytex") reports its operating and financial results for the three months and year ended December 31, 2023 (all amounts are in Canadian dollars unless otherwise noted).

"Our 2023 results demonstrate the strength of our oil-weighted portfolio. The strategic acquisition of Ranger added quality scale in the Eagle Ford and reinforced the resiliency and sustainability of our business. In 2023, we increased production per share by 16% and fourth quarter production exceeded guidance with continued strong results in the Eagle Ford and Peavine. During 2023, we increased shareholder returns to 50% of free cash flow, increased our share buyback program and introduced a quarterly dividend. We are well-capitalized and remain committed to creating long-term value and increasing shareholder returns," commented Eric T. Greager, President and Chief Executive Officer.

2023 Highlights

We recorded a non-cash impairment of $834 million on our legacy non-operated Eagle Ford and retained Viking assets as the carrying value of our oil and gas properties exceeded their recoverable amounts. This resulted in a net loss of $626 million ($0.75 per basic share) in Q4/2023 and $233 million ($0.33 per basic share) in 2023.

(1) Capital management measure. Refer to the Specified Financial Measures section in this press release for further information.

(2) Specified financial measure that does not have any standardized meaning prescribed by IFRS and may not be comparable with the calculation of similar measures presented by other entities. Refer to the Specified Financial Measures section in this press release for further information.

(3) Calculated in accordance with our amended credit facilities agreement which is available on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.com.

(4) Baytex's year-end 2023 reserves were evaluated by McDaniel & Associates Consultants Ltd. ("McDaniel"), an independent qualified reserves evaluator, in accordance with National Instrument 51-101 "Standards of Disclosure for Oil and Gas Activities" ("NI 51-101").

(1) Capital management measure. Refer to the Specified Financial Measures section in this press release for further information.

(2) Specified financial measure that does not have any standardized meaning prescribed by IFRS and may not be comparable with the calculation of similar measures presented by other entities. Refer to the Specified Financial Measures section in this press release for further information.

(3) Calculated in accordance with our amended credit facilities agreement which is available on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.com.

(1) Barrel of oil equivalent ("boe") amounts have been calculated using a conversion rate of six thousand cubic feet of natural gas to one barrel of oil. The use of boe amounts may be misleading, particularly if used in isolation. A boe conversion ratio of six thousand cubic feet of natural gas to one barrel of oil is based on an energy equivalency conversion method primarily applicable at the burner tip and does not represent a value equivalency at the wellhead.

(2) Specified financial measure that does not have any standardized meaning prescribed by IFRS and may not be comparable with the calculation of similar measures presented by other entities. Refer to the Specified Financial Measures section in this press release for further information.

(3) Other is comprised of realized foreign exchange gain or loss, other income or expense, current income tax expense or recovery and share-based compensation. Refer to the 2023 MD&A for further information on these amounts.

(4) Capital management measure. Refer to the Specified Financial Measures section in this press release for further information.

(5) Calculated as royalties, operating, transportation expense, general and administrative expense, cash interest expense or realized financial derivatives gain (loss) divided by barrels of oil equivalent production volume for the applicable period.

Strategy and 2024 Outlook

We are a well-capitalized, North American oil-weighted producer with 60% of our producing assets located in the Eagle Ford with the balance in western Canada. We are committed to a disciplined, returns-based capital allocation philosophy to drive increased per-share returns. The key elements of our business strategy include:

In January, extremely cold temperatures across North America, followed by heavy rainfall in Texas, led to production disruptions. Our production has been restored, however, first quarter production will be approximately 2,000 boe/d lower than our budget expectation. Despite this, our 2024 guidance remains unchanged with exploration and development expenditures of $1.2 to $1.3 billion and production of 150,000 to 156,000 boe/d. In 2024, we intend to progress the Pembina Duvernay, further delineate our Clearwater and Mannville heavy oil positions, and deliver strong drilling and completion performance in the Eagle Ford and Viking.

Based on the forward strip, we expect to generate approximately $575 million of free cash flow in 2024. Our capital program is weighted to the first and third quarters and as a result, we expect to generate a significant amount of our 2024 free cash flow during the second and fourth quarters.

2023 Results

On June 20, 2023, we closed the acquisition of Ranger, adding quality scale in the Eagle Ford and reinforcing a resilient and sustainable business. In conjunction with closing, we increased direct shareholder returns to 50% of free cash flow, which allowed us to increase the value of our share buyback program and introduce a dividend. The remainder of our free cash flow was allocated to debt reduction.

In 2023, we returned $260 million to shareholders through our share buyback program and dividend. Our normal course issuer bid allows for the purchase of up to 68.4 million common shares during the 12-month period ending June 28, 2024. Through December 31, 2023, we repurchased 40.5 million common shares for $222 million, representing 4.7% of our shares outstanding, at an average price of $5.48 per share. In addition, we declared two quarterly dividends of $0.0225 per share, totaling $38 million.

We increased production per basic share by 16% in 2023, compared to 2022. Production in Q4/2023 averaged 160,373 boe/d (83% oil and NGL), exceeding our guidance for the quarter of 158,000 to 160,000 boe/d, and up 6% from 150,600 boe/d (85% oil and NGL) in Q3/2023. Production for the full-year 2023 averaged 122,154 boe/d, compared to 83,519 boe/d in 2022.

Exploration and development expenditures totaled $1,013 million in 2023 as compared to our annual guidance of $1,035 million. We participated in the drilling of 303 (254.0 net) wells in 2023. For the second half of 2023, exploration and development expenditures totaled $608 million, consistent with our plan following the Ranger acquisition.

Our business improved structurally through the Ranger acquisition with increased exposure to premium U.S. Gulf Coast pricing and improved margins. In Q4/2023, over 40% of our liquids production received WTI equivalent pricing and our realized light oil and condensate price in the Eagle Ford was $105.83/bbl, or US$77.60/bbl. In addition, we improved our cash cost structure (operating, transportation, general & administrative expenses) in Q4/2023 by 12% on a boe basis compared to Q4/2022.

(1) Specified financial measure that does not have any standardized meaning prescribed by IFRS and may not be comparable with the calculation of similar measures presented by other entities. Refer to the Specified Financial Measures section in this press release for further information.

(2) Calculated in accordance with our amended credit facilities agreement which is available on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.com.

(3) 2024 pricing assumptions: WTI - US$75/bbl; WCS differential - US$16/bbl; NYMEX Gas - US$2.25/MMbtu; and Exchange Rate (CAD/USD) - 1.35.

On December 11, 2023, we completed the divestiture of Viking assets at Forgan and Plato in southwest Saskatchewan for proceeds of $160 million, including closing adjustments. Proceeds from the sale were applied against our credit facilities. Production from the assets at the time of the sale was approximately 4,000 boe/d (100% light and medium crude oil). We incurred a non-cash loss of $144 million related to the sale.

During the fourth quarter we reduced our net debt by 10% ($290 million) due to a combination of free cash flow generation, net proceeds from the Viking divestiture and the impact of a strengthening Canadian dollar, relative to the U.S. dollar, on our U.S. dollar denominated debt. Our total debt at December 31, 2023 was $2.5 billion and we have $588 million of undrawn capacity on our credit facilities.

We employ a disciplined commodity hedging program to help mitigate the volatility in revenue due to changes in commodity prices. In 2023, our hedging program generated realized financial derivatives gains of $36 million. For 2024, we have entered into hedges on approximately 40% of our net crude oil exposure utilizing two-way collars with an average floor price of US$60/bbl and an average ceiling price of US$96/bbl. A complete listing of our financial derivative contracts can be found in Note 18 to our 2023 financial statements.

At year-end 2023, we identified indicators of impairment on our legacy non-operated Eagle Ford and retained Viking assets. As a result, we recorded total non-cash impairments of $834 million in Q4/2023 as the carrying value of our oil and gas properties exceeded their recoverable amounts. This non-cash impairment resulted in a net loss of $626 million ($0.75 per basic share) in Q4/2023 and $233 million ($0.33 per basic share) in 2023.

Operations

The integration of the Ranger assets has progressed well. We continue to optimize base performance and remain focused on strong drilling and completion performance. For 2024, we are targeting an 8% improvement in our operated drilling and completion costs per completed lateral foot over 2023.

In the Eagle Ford, we continue to deliver strong results across the black oil, volatile oil, and condensate thermal maturity windows. In Q4/2023, 9 (8.9 net) operated wells were brought onstream, bringing the total operated wells on production since closing the Ranger acquisition to 22 (21.8 net) wells. The nine wells brought onstream during the fourth quarter generated an average 30-day initial production rate of approximately 1,600 boe/d (80% oil and NGL) per well. On our non-operated acreage, there were no new wells brought onstream during the fourth quarter.

In the Pembina Duvernay, we commenced drilling operations in January and to-date have drilled three of seven wells planned for 2024. Completion activities are scheduled to commence in May. We continue to advance our understanding of the reservoir and believe the asset offers significant economic inventory growth potential.

In our heavy oil business unit, our Clearwater production averaged 16,338 boe/d during the fourth quarter, up 48% from Q4/2022. At Peavine, we brought 31 (31.0 net) wells onstream during 2023 and initial well performance continues to outperform type curve assumptions. In 2024, we will see continued exploration across our heavy oil portfolio with up to 14 stratigraphic test wells planned.

Quarterly Dividend

The Board of Directors has declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.0225 per share to be paid on April 1, 2024 for shareholders of record on March 15, 2024.

(1) Capital management measure. Refer to the Specified Financial Measures section in this press release for further information.

(2) Calculated in accordance with our amended credit facilities agreement which is available on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.com.

Environmental Stewardship

The energy industry and society are undergoing an evolution toward lower carbon intensity, and we believe that oil and gas will be instrumental in this energy evolution. As a responsible energy producer, we are committed to reducing greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions from our operations, minimizing freshwater use, and reclaiming our assets at the end of their economic life.

GHG Emissions

We are committed to monitoring GHG emissions from our operations, setting targets to reduce our GHG emissions intensity, and pursuing cost-effective strategies to produce energy for society with a lower carbon intensity. Our emissions reduction strategy includes increased gas conservation and destruction, reusing associated gas as fuel for field activities, capturing and reducing emissions from storage tanks, along with monitoring and preventing fugitive emissions.

Our corporate objective set in 2019 was to reduce our GHG emissions intensity (kg of CO2e per boe) by 65% by 2025 (set on our Canadian assets), relative to our 2018 baseline. In 2023, we invested $12 million in GHG reduction capital, reduced our GHG emissions intensity by 9% and achieved our 65% target two years early.

Continuous improvement is an important element of our corporate culture and we intend to set the bar higher. We are in the process of road mapping 2030 GHG reduction targets. Further details will be available in our 2023 ESG Report to be released in July 2024.

In 2024, we will invest approximately $18 million as part of our GHG mitigation program as we continue to invest in monitoring and lowering GHG emissions from our operations.

As a responsible energy producer we are committed to pursuing water management strategies that minimize our freshwater use to help support long-term water security and maintain healthy ecosystems in our operating areas. In 2024, we anticipate investing $3 million in water management to expand our water storage and recycling infrastructure.

Abandonment and Reclamation

Our commitment to responsible resource development also extends to the retirement of our assets at the end of their economic life. We plan for full lifecycle development of our properties, which includes the abandonment, reclamation, and full restoration at the end of asset life. At December 31, 2020, we had an end of life well inventory of approximately 4,500 wells. We have committed to reducing this well inventory to zero by 2040, which represents proactive management of future financial obligations as well as regulatory compliance.

In 2023, we invested $26 million to complete 291 well abandonments. In 2024, we will continue our abandonment and reclamation program with approximately $30 million being directed to pipeline, wellbore and facility decommissioning along with well site reclamations.

(1) Corporate emissions are reported based on the operating control method of the GHG Protocol. GHG emissions from 2018-2022 are calculated using the Global Warming Potential ("GWP") values from the IPCC's Fifth Assessment ("AR5"). We have restated historical emissions with the update to AR5, the operating control method of the GHG Protocol.

(2) 2023 data is not yet third party verified.

(3) Spending includes government grants received for abandonment and reclamations of $2 million in 2020, $3 million in 2021 and $16 million in 2022.

Year-end 2023 Reserves

Baytex's year-end 2023 proved and probable reserves were evaluated by McDaniel & Associates Consultants Ltd. ("McDaniel"), an independent qualified reserves evaluator. All of our oil and gas properties were evaluated in accordance with National Instrument 51-101 "Standards of Disclosure for Oil and Gas Activities" ("NI 51-101") and the Canadian Oil and Gas Evaluation Handbook (the "COGE Handbook") using the average commodity price forecasts and inflation rates of McDaniel, GLJ Petroleum Consultants ("GLJ") and Sproule Associates Limited ("Sproule") as of January 1, 2024.

For additional information regarding Baytex's reserves as at December 31, 2023, see Baytex's Annual Information Form for the year ended December 31, 2023 on Baytex's SEDAR+ profile at www.sedarplus.com, and Baytex's U.S. Form 40-F for the year ended December 31, 2023 on EDGAR at www.sec.gov/edgar.shtml., each of which are anticipated to be filed on February 28, 2024.

Reserves Summary

On June 20, 2023, Baytex completed the strategic acquisition of Ranger, adding quality scale in the Eagle Ford and reinforcing a resilient and sustainable business. Our 2023 reserves report reflects this acquisition with a meaningful increase in our reserves base.

(1) Specified financial measure that does not have any standardized meaning prescribed by IFRS and may not be comparable with the calculation of similar measures presented by other entities. Refer to the Specified Financial Measures section in this press release for further information.

The following table sets forth our gross and net reserves volumes at December 31, 2023 by product type and reserves category. Please note that the data in the table may not add due to rounding.

(1) "Gross" reserves means the total working interest share of remaining recoverable reserves owned by Baytex before deductions of royalties payable to others.

(2) "Net" reserves means Baytex's gross reserves less all royalties payable to others plus royalty interest reserves.

(3) Natural Gas Liquids includes condensate.

(4) Conventional Natural Gas includes associated, non-associated and solution gas.

(5) Oil equivalent amounts have been calculated using a conversion rate of six thousand cubic feet of natural gas to one barrel of oil. BOEs may be misleading, particularly if used in isolation. A boe conversion ratio of six thousand cubic feet of natural gas to one barrel of oil is based on an energy equivalency conversion method primarily applicable at the burner tip and does not represent a value equivalency at the wellhead.

Reserves Reconciliation

The following table reconciles the year-over-year changes in our gross reserves volumes by product type and reserves category. Please note that the data in the table may not add due to rounding.

(1) "Gross" reserves means the total working interest share of remaining recoverable reserves owned by Baytex before deductions of royalties payable to others.

(2) Negative technical revisions in light and medium oil are predominantly associated with higher field operating costs in our Viking asset truncating end of life forecasts and actual performance not meeting forecast. Negative technical revisions in tight oil, shale gas and natural gas liquids in our legacy non-operated Eagle Ford assets are predominantly associated with actual performance not meeting forecast and the removal of locations due to inventory consolidation and spacing changes. Negative probable technical revisions in heavy oil are predominantly associated with performance re-characterization of undeveloped locations in the Peace River area. Positive proved technical revisions in heavy oil are predominantly associated with improved performance of producing wells in Peace River, Lloydminster and Peavine areas.

(3) Conventional natural gas includes associated, non-associated and solution gas.

(4) Oil equivalent amounts have been calculated using a conversion rate of six thousand cubic feet of natural gas to one barrel of oil. BOEs may be misleading, particularly if used in isolation. A boe conversion ratio of six thousand cubic feet of natural gas to one barrel of oil is based on an energy equivalency conversion method primarily applicable at the burner tip and does not represent a value equivalency at the wellhead.

Future Development Costs

The following table sets forth future development costs deducted in the estimation of the future net revenue attributable to the reserves categories noted below.

F&D and FD&A Costs - including future development costs

Based on the evaluation of our petroleum and natural gas reserves prepared by McDaniel, the efficiency of our capital program is summarized in the following table.

(1) Gross reserve additions with respect to finding & development costs include 4.7 MMboe of PDP reserve additions, 6.8 MMboe of proved reserves additions and 10.2 MMboe of proved plus probable reserves additions, which in each case, reflect reserves developed on the acquired Ranger assets after closing of the acquisition. In the reserves reconciliation, these reserve additions are included in the Acquisitions category to align with NI 51-101.

Forecast Prices and Costs

The following table summarizes the forecast prices used in preparing the estimated reserves volumes and the net present values of future net revenues at December 31, 2023. The estimated future net revenue to be derived from the production of the reserves is based on the following average of the price forecasts of McDaniel, GLJ and Sproule as of January 1, 2024.

The following table summarizes the McDaniel estimate of the net present value before income taxes of the future net revenue attributable to our reserves.

(1) Includes abandonment, decommissioning and reclamation costs for all producing and non-producing wells and facilities.

Additional Information

Our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023 and the related Management's Discussion and Analysis of the operating and financial results can be accessed on our website at www.baytexenergy.com and will be available shortly through SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.com and EDGAR at www.sec.gov/edgar.shtml.

Advisory Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

In the interest of providing Baytex's shareholders and potential investors with information regarding Baytex, including management's assessment of Baytex's future plans and operations, certain statements in this press release are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and "forward-looking information" within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities legislation (collectively, "forward-looking statements"). In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as "believe", "continue", ""estimate", "expect", "forecast", "intend", "may", "objective", "ongoing", "outlook", "potential", "project", "plan", "should", "target", "would", "will" or similar words suggesting future outcomes, events or performance. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release speak only as of the date thereof and are expressly qualified by this cautionary statement.

Specifically, this press release contains forward-looking statements relating to but not limited to: our 2024 strategy including our commitment to a disciplined, returns-based capital allocation philosophy and the anticipated effect of such philosophy on per-share returns; that we expect to allocate capital efficiently and respond to changes in regional commodity prices and economic factors; expected annual production growth over the next five years and our projected 2028 production; our intention to allocate free cash flow to each of debt repayment and shareholder returns (including share buybacks and quarterly dividends) and the expected amount of such free cash flow to be allocated; our expectation to generate meaningful free cash flow in 2024, including the anticipated amount and timing thereof; our intention to direct additional free cash flow to shareholder returns once reaching our total debt target; our total debt target; our intended exploration plans across our heavy oil portfolio, including our drilling plans; our commodity hedging program, the percentage of our 2024 net crude exposure that is hedged, and the ability of such program to mitigate volatility in commodity prices; our targeted improvement in operated drilling and completion costs per lateral foot; our guidance regarding exploration and development expenditures and production in 2024; our drilling plans in the Pembina Duvernay and our intention to progress the Pembina Duvernay, delineate our Clearwater and Mannville heavy oil positions and deliver strong drilling and completion performance in the Eagle Ford and Viking regions; our commitment to monitoring GHG emissions, setting targets and pursuing cost-effective decarbonization strategies; our 2025 GHG emissions intensity reduction target and our strategies to reach the target; our 2024 expected investment into GHG mitigation, to expand our water storage and recycling infrastructure, and into wellbore and facility decommissioning along with well site reclamations; our abandonment and reclamation commitments, including the anticipated number of wells; future development costs, F&D and FD&A; forecast prices for oil and natural gas; forecast inflation and exchange rates; and the net present value before income taxes of the future net revenue attributable to our reserves. In addition, information and statements relating to reserves are deemed to be forward-looking statements, as they involve implied assessment, based on certain estimates and assumptions, that the reserves described exist in quantities predicted or estimated, and that they can be profitably produced in the future.

These forward-looking statements are based on certain key assumptions regarding, among other things: oil and natural gas prices and differentials between light, medium and heavy crude oil prices; well production rates and reserve volumes; success obtained in drilling new wells; our ability to add production and reserves through our exploration and development activities; capital expenditure levels; operating costs; our ability to borrow under our credit agreements; the receipt, in a timely manner, of regulatory and other required approvals for our operating activities; the availability and cost of labour and other industry services; interest and foreign exchange rates; the continuance of existing and, in certain circumstances, proposed tax and royalty regimes; our ability to develop our crude oil and natural gas properties in the manner currently contemplated; our ability to market oil and natural gas successfully; that we will have sufficient financial resources in the future to provide shareholder returns; and current industry conditions, laws and regulations continuing in effect (or, where changes are proposed, such changes being adopted as anticipated). Readers are cautioned that such assumptions, although considered reasonable by Baytex at the time of preparation, may prove to be incorrect.

Actual results achieved will vary from the information provided herein as a result of numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors. Such factors include, but are not limited to: the risk of an extended period of low oil and natural gas prices; risks associated with our ability to develop our properties and add reserves; that we may not achieve the expected benefits of acquisitions and we may sell assets below their carrying value; the availability and cost of capital or borrowing; restrictions or costs imposed by climate change initiatives and the physical risks of climate change; the impact of an energy transition on demand for petroleum productions; availability and cost of gathering, processing and pipeline systems; retaining or replacing our leadership and key personnel; changes in income tax or other laws or government incentive programs; risks associated with large projects; risks associated with higher a higher concentration of activity and tighter drilling spacing; costs to develop and operate our properties; risks associated with achieving our total debt target, production guidance, exploration and development expenditures guidance; the amount of free cash flow we expect to generate; risk that the board of directors determines to allocate capital other than as set forth herein; current or future controls, legislation or regulations; restrictions on or access to water or other fluids; public perception and its influence on the regulatory regime; new regulations on hydraulic fracturing; regulations regarding the disposal of fluids; risks associated with our hedging activities; variations in interest rates and foreign exchange rates; uncertainties associated with estimating oil and natural gas reserves; our inability to fully insure against all risks; risks associated with a third-party operating our Eagle Ford properties; additional risks associated with our thermal heavy crude oil projects; our ability to compete with other organizations in the oil and gas industry; risk that we do not achieve our GHG emissions intensity reduction target; risks associated with our use of information technology systems; adverse results of litigation; that our Credit Facilities may not provide sufficient liquidity or may not be renewed; failure to comply with the covenants in our debt agreements; risks associated with expansion into new activities; the impact of Indigenous claims; risks of counterparty default; impact of geopolitical risk and conflicts; loss of foreign private issuer status; conflicts of interest between the Corporation and its directors and officers; variability of share buybacks and dividends; risks associated with the ownership of our securities, including changes in market-based factors; risks for United States and other non-resident shareholders, including the ability to enforce civil remedies, differing practices for reporting reserves and production, additional taxation applicable to non-residents and foreign exchange risk; and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. Readers are cautioned that the foregoing list of risk factors is not exhaustive.New risk factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for management to predict all of such factors and to assess in advance the impact of each such factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements.

The future acquisition of our common shares pursuant to a share buyback (including through its NCIB), if any, and the level thereof is uncertain. Any decision to pay dividends on the Common Shares (including the actual amount, the declaration date, the record date and the payment date in connection therewith) or acquire Common Shares pursuant to a share buyback will be subject to the discretion of the Board and may depend on a variety of factors, including, without limitation, the Corporation's business performance, financial condition, financial requirements, growth plans, expected capital requirements and other conditions existing at such future time including, without limitation, contractual restrictions (including covenants contained in the agreements governing any indebtedness that the Corporation has incurred or may incur in the future, including the terms of the Credit Facilities) and satisfaction of the solvency tests imposed on the Corporation under applicable corporate law. There can be no assurance of the number of Common Shares that the Corporation will acquire pursuant to a share buyback, if any, in the future. Further, the payment of dividends to shareholders is not assured or guaranteed and dividends may be reduced or suspended entirely.

These and additional risk factors are discussed in our Annual Information Form, Annual Report on Form 40-F and Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended December 31, 2023, to be filed with Canadian securities regulatory authorities and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on February 28, 2024 and in our other public filings. The above summary of assumptions and risks related to forward-looking statements has been provided in order to provide shareholders and potential investors with a more complete perspective on Baytex's current and future operations and such information may not be appropriate for other purposes.

This press release contains information that may be considered a financial outlook under applicable securities laws about the Corporation's potential financial position, including, but not limited to, our 2024 guidance for development expenditures; our expected 2024 free cash flow; and our intentions of allocating our annual free cash flow to shareholder returns through a share buyback and debt reduction; all of which are subject to numerous assumptions, risk factors, limitations and qualifications, including those set forth in the above paragraphs. The actual results of operations of the Corporation and the resulting financial results will vary from the amounts set forth in this press release and such variations may be material. This information has been provided for illustration only and with respect to future periods are based on budgets and forecasts that are speculative and are subject to a variety of contingencies and may not be appropriate for other purposes. Accordingly, these estimates are not to be relied upon as indicative of future results. Except as required by applicable securities laws, the Corporation undertakes no obligation to update such financial outlook, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. The financial outlook contained in this press release was made as of the date of this press release and was provided for the purpose of providing further information about the Corporation's potential future business operations. Readers are cautioned that the financial outlook contained in this press release is not conclusive and is subject to change.

All amounts in this press release are stated in Canadian dollars unless otherwise specified.

Specified Financial Measures

In this press release, we refer to certain financial measures (such as free cash flow, operating netback, working capital deficiency, average royalty rate and total sales, net of blending and other expense) which do not have any standardized meaning prescribed by IFRS. While these measures are commonly used in the oil and gas industry, our determination of these measures may not be comparable with calculations of similar measures presented by other reporting issuers. This press release also contains the terms "adjusted funds flow" and "net debt" which are considered capital management measures. We believe that inclusion of these specified financial measures provides useful information to financial statement users when evaluating the financial results of Baytex.

Total sales, net of blending and other expense represents the revenues realized from produced volumes during a period. Total sales, net of blending and other expense is comprised of total petroleum and natural gas sales adjusted for blending and other expense. We believe including the blending and other expense associated with purchased volumes is useful when analyzing our realized pricing for produced volumes against benchmark commodity prices.

Operating netback

Operating netback is used to assess our operating performance and our ability to generate cash margin on a unit of production basis. Operating netback is comprised of petroleum and natural gas sales, less blending expense, royalties, operating expense and transportation expense.

The following table reconciles operating netback to petroleum and natural gas sales.

We use free cash flow to evaluate our financial performance and to assess the cash available for debt repayment, common share repurchases, dividends and acquisition opportunities. Free cash flow is comprised of cash flows from operating activities adjusted for changes in non-cash working capital, transaction costs, additions to exploration and evaluation assets, additions to oil and gas properties, payments on lease obligations, and cash premiums on derivatives.

Free cash flow is reconciled to cash flows from operating activities in the following table.

Working capital deficiency is calculated as cash, trade receivables, and prepaids and other assets net of trade payables, dividends payable, other long-term liabilities and share-based compensation liability. Working capital deficiency is used by management to measure the Company's liquidity. At December 31, 2023, the Company had $587.8 million of available credit facility capacity to cover any working capital deficiencies.

The following table summarizes the calculation of working capital deficiency.

Total sales, net of blending and other expense per boe

Total sales, net of blending and other per boe is used to compare our realized pricing to applicable benchmark prices and is calculated as total sales, net of blending and other expense (a non-GAAP financial measure) divided by barrels of oil equivalent production volume for the applicable period.

Average royalty rate

Average royalty rate is used to evaluate the performance of our operations from period to period and is comprised of royalties divided by total sales, net of blending and other expense (a non-GAAP financial measure). The actual royalty rates can vary for a number of reasons, including the commodity produced, royalty contract terms, commodity price level, royalty incentives and the area or jurisdiction.

Operating netback per boe

Operating netback per boe is equal to operating netback (a non-GAAP financial measure) divided by barrels of oil equivalent sales volume for the applicable period and is used to assess our operating performance on a unit of production basis.

We use net debt to monitor our current financial position and to evaluate existing sources of liquidity. We also use net debt projections to estimate future liquidity and whether additional sources of capital are required to fund ongoing operations. Net debt is comprised of our credit facilities and long-term notes outstanding adjusted for unamortized debt issuance costs, trade payables, share-based compensation liability, dividends payable, other long-term liabilities, cash, trade receivables, and prepaids and other assets.

The following table summarizes our calculation of net debt.

(1) Unamortized debt issuance costs were obtained from Note 8 Credit Facilities and Note 9 Long-term Notes from the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2023.

Adjusted funds flow

Adjusted funds flow is used to monitor operating performance and our ability to generate funds for exploration and development expenditures and settlement of abandonment obligations. Adjusted funds flow is comprised of cash flows from operating activities adjusted for changes in non-cash working capital, asset retirement obligations settled, transaction costs, and cash premiums on derivatives during the applicable period.

Adjusted funds flow is reconciled to amounts disclosed in the primary financial statements in the following table.

The reserves information contained in this press release has been prepared in accordance with NI 51-101. Complete NI 51-101 reserves disclosure will be included in our Annual Information Form for the year ended December 31, 2023, which will be filed on February 28, 2024. Listed below are cautionary statements that are specifically required by NI 51-101:

This press release discloses drilling inventory and potential drilling locations. Drilling inventory and drilling locations refers to Baytex's proved, probable and unbooked locations. Proved locations and probable locations account for drilling locations in our inventory that have associated proved and/or probable reserves. Unbooked locations are internal estimates based on our prospective acreage and an assumption as to the number of wells that can be drilled per section based on industry practice and internal review. Unbooked locations do not have attributed reserves. Unbooked locations are farther away from existing wells and, therefore, there is more uncertainty whether wells will be drilled in such locations and if drilled there is more uncertainty whether such wells will result in additional oil and gas reserves, resources or production. In the Eagle Ford, Baytex's net drilling locations include 358 proved and 148 probable locations as at December 31, 2023 and 318 unbooked locations. In the Viking, Baytex's net drilling locations include 586 proved and 173 probable locations as at December 31, 2023 and 238 unbooked locations. In Peace River (including Clearwater), Baytex's net drilling locations include 64 proved and 52 probable locations as at December 31, 2023 and 331 unbooked locations. In Lloydminster, Baytex's net drilling locations include 73 proved and 69 probable locations as at December 31, 2023 and 263 unbooked locations. In the Duvernay, Baytex's net drilling locations include 23 proved and 24 probable locations as at December 31, 2023 and 174 unbooked locations.

Throughout this press release, "oil and NGL" refers to heavy oil, bitumen, light and medium oil, tight oil, condensate and natural gas liquids ("NGL") product types as defined by NI 51-101. The following table shows Baytex's disaggregated production volumes for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2023. The NI 51-101 product types are included as follows: "Heavy Oil" - heavy oil and bitumen, "Light and Medium Oil" - light and medium oil, tight oil and condensate, "NGL" - natural gas liquids and "Natural Gas" - shale gas and conventional natural gas.

This press release contains metrics commonly used in the oil and natural gas industry, such as "finding and development costs", "finding, development and acquisition costs", "PDP recycle ratio" and "1P recycle ratio." These terms do not have a standardized meaning and may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies, and therefore should not be used to make such comparisons. Such metrics have been included in this press release to provide readers with additional measures to evaluate Baytex's performance, however, such measures are not reliable indicators of Baytex's future performance and future performance may not compare to Baytex's performance in previous periods and therefore such metrics should not be unduly relied upon.

Finding and development costs are calculated on a per boe basis by dividing the aggregate of the change in future development costs from the prior year for the particular reserves category and the costs incurred on exploration and development activities in the year by the change in reserves from the prior year for the reserve category.

Finding, development and acquisition costs are calculated on a per boe basis by dividing the aggregate of the change in future development costs from the prior year for the particular reserves category and the costs incurred on development and exploration activities and property acquisitions (net of dispositions) in the year by the change in reserves from the year for the reserve category.

Recycle ratio is calculated by dividing operating netback on a per boe basis by finding and development costs for the particular reserves category.

References herein to average 30-day initial production rates and other short-term production rates are useful in confirming the presence of hydrocarbons, however, such rates are not determinative of the rates at which such wells will commence production and decline thereafter and are not indicative of long term performance or of ultimate recovery. While encouraging, readers are cautioned not to place reliance on such rates in calculating aggregate production for us or the assets for which such rates are provided. A pressure transient analysis or well-test interpretation has not been carried out in respect of all wells. Accordingly, we caution that the test results should be considered to be preliminary.

Notice to United States Readers

The petroleum and natural gas reserves contained in this press release have generally been prepared in accordance with Canadian disclosure standards, which are not comparable in all respects to United States or other foreign disclosure standards. For example, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") requires oil and gas issuers, in their filings with the SEC, to disclose only "proved reserves", but permits the optional disclosure of "probable reserves" (each as defined in SEC rules). Canadian securities laws require oil and gas issuers disclose their reserves in accordance with NI 51-101, which requires disclosure of not only "proved reserves" but also "probable reserves". Additionally, NI 51-101 defines "proved reserves" and "probable reserves" differently from the SEC rules. Accordingly, proved and probable reserves disclosed in this press release may not be comparable to United States standards. Probable reserves are higher risk and are generally believed to be less likely to be accurately estimated or recovered than proved reserves.

In addition, under Canadian disclosure requirements and industry practice, reserves and production are reported using gross volumes, which are volumes prior to deduction of royalty and similar payments. The SEC rules require reserves and production to be presented using net volumes, after deduction of applicable royalties and similar payments.

Moreover, Baytex has determined and disclosed estimated future net revenue from its reserves using forecast prices and costs, whereas the SEC rules require that reserves be estimated using a 12-month average price, calculated as the arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price for each month within the 12-month period prior to the end of the reporting period. As a consequence of the foregoing, Baytex's reserve estimates and production volumes in this press release may not be comparable to those made by companies utilizing United States reporting and disclosure standards.

Baytex Energy Corp.

Baytex Energy Corp. is an energy company based in Calgary, Alberta. The company is engaged in the acquisition, development and production of crude oil and natural gas in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin and in the Eagle Ford in the United States. Approximately 85% of Baytex's production is weighted toward crude oil and natural gas liquids. Baytex's common shares trade on the Toronto Stock Exchange and the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol BTE.

To view the source version of this press release, please visit https://www.newsfilecorp.com/release/199728

Toronto, Ontario--(Newsfile Corp. - February 28, 2024) - Quebec Rare Earth Elements Corp. (CSE: QREE) (formerly, Metallica Metals Corp.) (the "Company") is pleased to announce it has entered into a purchase agreement (the "Purchase Agreement") dated February 28, 2024 with an arm's length party (the "Seller"), pursuant to which the Company will acquire (the "Acquisition") certain mineral claims in the Province of Quebec (the "Property"). The Property consists of 45 claims representing approximately 2,430 hectares north of Lake Manitou in a known REE area which is located approximately 130 km northeast of the city of Sept-les in Quebec.

As consideration for the Property, the Company will issue the Seller an aggregate of 3,000,000 common shares (each, a "Common Share") in the capital of the Company at a deemed price of $0.15 per Common Share. All securities issued pursuant to the Acquisition will be subject to a statutory hold period of four months and one day from the issuance thereof, as applicable, in accordance with applicable securities laws.

Quebec Rare Earth Elements Corp. (QREE) is a mining exploration and development company focused on Rare Earth Elements (REE), primarily in the favourable mining jurisdiction of Quebec. QREE is lead by a Quebec based team that has decades of mining experience across all stages of development, from grass roots discoveries, resource development, economic studies, financing, construction, production and on-going operations. Local community engagement is a core principle on which we seek to build a sustainable, high quality, high integrity business for the benefit of all stakeholders. QREE is listed on the Canadian Securities Exchange under the symbol "QREE".

This news release contains certain "forward-looking information" within the meaning of applicable securities law. Forward looking information is frequently characterized by words such as "plan", "expect", "project", "intend", "believe", "anticipate", "estimate", "may", "will", "would", "potential", "proposed" and other similar words, or statements that certain events or conditions "may" or "will" occur. These statements are only predictions. Forward-looking information is based on the opinions and estimates of management at the date the information is provided, and is subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking information. For a description of the risks and uncertainties facing the Company and its business and affairs, readers should refer to the Company's Management's Discussion and Analysis. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking information if circumstances or management's estimates or opinions should change, unless required by law. The reader is cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking information.

To view the source version of this press release, please visit https://www.newsfilecorp.com/release/199658

ANALYST RECOMMENDATIONS : Amex, Apollo Global Management, Crowdstrike, Workday, Abrdn...

Every morning, find a selection of analysts' recommendations covering North America and the UK. The list only includes companies that have been the subject of a change of opinion or price target, or of a new coverage. It may be updated during the session. This information can be used to shed light on movements in certain stocks or on market sentiment towards a company.

ANALYST RECOMMENDATIONS : Amex, Apollo Global Management, Crowdstrike, Workday, Abrdn...

Every morning, find a selection of analysts' recommendations covering North America and the UK. The list only includes companies that have been the subject of a change of opinion or price target, or of a new coverage. It may be updated during the session. This information can be used to shed light on movements in certain stocks or on market sentiment towards a company.

NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION TO UNITED STATES NEWS WIRE SERVICES OR

FOR DISSEMINATION IN THE UNITED STATES

Boston, MA, Feb. 28, 2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- MiniLuxe Holding Corp. (TSXV: MNLX) ("MiniLuxe" or the "Company") announces today its intention to commence a normal course issuer bid through the facilities of the TSX Venture Exchange (the "TSXV") to repurchase, for cancellation, up to 2,800,000 Class A subordinate voting shares of the Company, representing approximately 5% of the Company's presently issued and outstanding Class A subordinate voting shares (the "NCIB"). The NCIB remains subject to the final approval of the TSXV.

The NCIB will commence on March 6, 2024 and will terminate upon the earliest of (i) the Company purchasing 2,800,000 Class A subordinate voting shares, (ii) the Company providing notice of termination of the NCIB, and (iii) March 6, 2025. Under the NCIB, the Company may not acquire more than 2% of its issued and outstanding subordinate voting shares in any 30-day period.

The Company believes that, from time to time, the market price of its Class A subordinate voting shares does not adequately reflect the Company's underlying value and prospects and that, at such times, the purchase of the Company's Class A subordinate voting shares represents an appropriate use of the Company's financial resources and will enhance shareholder value.

The Company has engaged Canaccord Genuity Corp. to act as its broker for the NCIB (the "Broker"). The NCIB will be made through the facilities of the TSXV and the purchase and payment for the Class A subordinate voting shares will be made from the Company's existing working capital at the market price of the applicable securities at the time of acquisition, plus brokerage fees, if any, charged by the Broker. All Class A subordinate voting shares purchased by the Company under the NCIB will be cancelled.

In connection with the NCIB, the Company has entered into an automatic purchase plan ("APP") with the Broker as the designated broker. The APP provides a set of standard instructions to the Broker to make purchases under the NCIB in accordance with the limits and other terms set out in the APP. The Broker will determine the timing of these purchases in its sole discretion based on purchasing parameters set by the Company and subject to the policies of the TSXV, applicable securities laws and the terms of the APP.

To the Company's knowledge, none of the directors, senior officers or insiders of the Company, or any associate of such person, or any associate or affiliate of the Company, has any present intention to sell any securities to the Company during the course of the NCIB. The Company completed a normal course issuer bid on September 20, 2023, under which the Company purchased 63,500 Class A subordinate voting shares at an average price of $0.444 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of $28,213.

A copy of the Form 5G - Notice of Intention to make a Normal Course Issuer Bid filed by the Company with the TSXV in respect of the NCIB can be obtained from the Company upon request without charge.

About MiniLuxe

MiniLuxe, a Delaware corporation based in Boston, Massachusetts. Miniluxe is a lifestyle brand and talent empowerment platform servicing the beauty and self-care industry. The Company focuses on delivering high-quality nail care and esthetic services and offers a suite of trusted proprietary products that are used in the Company's owned-and-operated studio services. For over a decade, MiniLuxe has been elevating industry standards through healthier, ultra-hygienic services, a modern design esthetic, socially responsible labor practices, and better-for-you, cleaner products. MiniLuxe's aims to radically transform a highly fragmented and under-regulated self-care and nail care industry through its brand, standards, and technology platform that collectively enable better talent and client experiences. For its clients, MiniLuxe offers best-in-class self-care services and better-for-you products, and for nail care and beauty professionals, MiniLuxe seeks to become the employer of choice. In addition to creating long-term durable economic returns for our stakeholders, the brand seeks to positively impact and empower one of the most diverse and largest hourly worker segments through professional development and certification, economic mobility, and company ownership opportunities (e.g., equity participation and future franchise opportunities). Since its inception, MiniLuxe has performed over 3.5 million services.

VANCOUVER, BC, Feb. 28, 2024 /PRNewswire/ - Entre Resources Ltd. (TSX:ETG; OTCQB:ERLFF - the "Company" or "Entre") is pleased to provide partial diamond drill hole ("DDH") results from the 2022 drilling program over the Hugo North Extension ("HNE") deposit on the Entre/Oyu Tolgoi JV Property in Mongolia. The vast majority of the analytical results from the 2022 program are still pending from the laboratory and will be reported as soon as they become available from the Company's joint venture partner Oyu Tolgoi LLC ("OTLLC"). The Company Is also pleased to report that first underground development work on the Entre/Oyu Tolgoi JV Property is scheduled to commence in H2 2024.

HIGHLIGHTS

*Copper equivalent is defined in Table 1, where full details on the drill hole assay intervals are also found.

Stephen Scott, Entre's President and CEO said, "We are very pleased with these drill results from HNE, which are the first holes drilled into the HNE deposit since 2011. While the majority of the 2022 drill holes were designed to provide structural and geotechnical information to support the Lift 1 Panel 1 technical studies incorporated into the 2023 Oyu Tolgoi Feasibility Study as well as development by OTLLC, they also demonstrate the remarkable continuity of the significant copper and gold grades at HNE. The drilling program increases the drill hole density at HNE and these holes will be incorporated into the next updated resource estimate. I am also very excited that we are approaching the important milestone of first physical development activity on the Entre/Oyu Tolgoi JV Property. While the work planned to be completed in 2024 is entirely on support infrastructure outside of the orebody footprint, and it is still going to be some time before first concentrate production, it will certainly be a historical moment for the Company."

2022 DRILLING PROGRAM

The initial batches of underground diamond drill results have been received from the 2022 drilling program at the HNE deposit, with analytical results available for 6 of the 26 drill holes. It is the Company's understanding that OTLLC's primary objectives for the 2022 drilling was for structural and geotechnical studies, prior to initiating the core sampling and assaying process and that all core has been cut and submitted to the laboratory for analysis. The significant mineralized intervals received to date from the 2022 drilling are summarized in Table 1 and shown on Figure 1.

Table 1: Drill Results from 2022 Drilling at HNE Deposit

Drill holes UGD582A and UGD584A were both geotechnical holes, drilled towards the northeast, parallel to the eastern boundary of the HNE mineralized footprint and crossed an interbedded sequence of ignimbrite and augite basalt with varying amounts of advanced argillic and phyllic alteration. Mineralization consists of about 3% sulphides, comprised of a mix of pyrite and chalcopyrite.

Drill holes UGD583A and UGD586 were both drilled towards the north-northwest and crossed the majority of the mineralized footprint of HNE within proposed Lift 2. Each hole intersected predominantly phyllic altered quartz monzodiorite, cut by occasional intervals of unmineralized biotite-granodiorite dikes (ranging from <1 m to 9 m in drilled width). Mineralization averages approximately 5% sulphide content, comprised mostly of chalcopyrite, along with lesser amounts of pyrite and occasional intervals with covellite and minor molybdenite.

Drill holes UGD590 and UGD614 were drilled towards the north and northwest, respectively and both crossed the Hugo North mineralized footprint on the Oyu Tolgoi mining licence before crossing onto the Entre/Oyu Tolgoi JV ground in unmineralized footwall (northwest side) lithologies comprised mainly of various andesitic tuff and hornblende-biotite granodiorite intrusive units.

2022 DRILLING INFORMATION

Underground and surface drilling at HNE was carried out from November 22, 2021 to January 8, 2023, during which time 4 surface holes totalling 3,900.7 m and 22 underground holes totalling 4,459.9m were drilled.

The underground holes were all collared from existing infrastructure on the Oyu Tolgoi mining licence and crossed onto the Entre/OTLLC JV Property. Several of the holes were drilled as "daughter holes" (wedges) from a "parent hole" at varying distances along the hole. Underground holes were primarily drilled for geotechnical purposes and many targeted the base of Lift 1, or in the areas northeast and southwest of the current mineralized footprint, where key infrastructure for the development of the Lift 1 block cave will be excavated starting in 2024. Several of the holes also crossed the mineralized footprint of Lift 1. Additional underground holes were drilled deeper, targeting the current mineralized footprint of Lift 2, and for geotechnical purposes.

The four surface holes were all collared near the north end of HNE and drilled steeply towards the northwest, targeting Lift 2. Only two of the surface holes successfully reached their target depth of 1,750 m and 1,800 m, respectively, while two holes were aborted at shallow depths and were not assayed. Analytical results from the two surface holes are still pending.

Drill hole sample lengths generally averaged 2.0 m. Table 2 summarizes the drill hole details and Figure 1 shows the locations of the 2022 HNE drill holes and assay intervals discussed in this press release.

Table 2: Drill Hole Summary

The QP is not aware of any drilling, sampling, recovery, or other factors that could materially affect the accuracy or reliability of the data referred to in this disclosure.

2023 DRILLING UPDATE

OTLLC continued to drill at HNE throughout 2023 and has reported the completion of 7 surface holes totaling 6,752.6 m and 25 underground holes (including several daughter holes) totaling 6,576.58 m. The Company has only received a partial supporting database from OTLLC with the majority of the drill holes still pending analytical results. Once the full database is received and reviewed by the Company the 2023 drill results will be released. It is the Company's understanding that similar to the 2022 drilling program, all of the 2023 drill holes are drilled within the current mineralized footprint or within the hanging and/or footwall rocks. The objective of the 2023 drilling is to update the HNE mineral resource estimate, to conduct geological and geotechnical characterization and to identify long-term infrastructure targets within the footprint (related to geology and geotechnical aspects).

UNDERGROUND DEVELOPMENT UPDATE

OTLLC has advised the Company that Lift 1 Panel 1 underground infrastructure development work on the Entre/Oyu Tolgoi JV Property is scheduled to commence in H2 2024. Development work will start in the southwest corner of the HNE deposit on the Shivee Tolgoi mining licence. The work will establish the initial Panel 1 western ore handling truck chute, including extraction level tipple development, the truck chute chamber on the haulage level, and the supporting ventilation loop with the return air level. OTLLC has advised the Company all 2024 development materials will be waste which will be stockpiled separately and sampled in accordance with OTLLC's standard sampling protocols and procedures.

Shafts 3 and 4, which are required to provide ventilation to support production from Panels 1 and 2 during ramp up to full Lift 1 production, are expected to be commissioned in the second half 2024. Panel 1 production on the Oyu Tolgoi mining licence is anticipated to commence in ~2027.

QAQC AND QUALIFIED PERSON

All drill core from the 2022 HNE drilling program was geologically and geotechnically logged at site by or under the supervision of OTLLC. Core was saw-cut on site before being bagged and shipped to SGS Laboratory ("SGS") in Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia, which is independent of OTLLC, Rio Tinto and Entre. At SGS the samples were crushed and pulverized then analysed for gold by 30-gram fire assay with an AA finish, and for copper, silver and molybdenum, along with 8 additional elements by 4-acid digestion ICP multi-element analysis. Additional analysis was done for carbon/sulphur by Leco furnace and fluorine by specific ion electrode. OTLLC follows a rigorous quality assurance/quality control (QAQC) program for the sampling programs that includes the regular insertion of standards, blanks and duplicates into the sample stream.

The scientific and technical information that forms the basis for parts of this press release was reviewed and approved by Robert Cinits (P.Geo.), who is a Qualified Person ("QP") as defined by National Instrument 43-101. For further information on the Entre/Oyu Tolgoi JV Property, see the Company's Technical Report, titled "Entre/Oyu Tolgoi Joint Venture Project, Mongolia, NI 43-101 Technical Report", with an effective date of October 8, 2021, available on the Company's website at www.EntreeResourcesLtd.com, and on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca.

ABOUT ENTRE RESOURCES LTD.

Entre Resources Ltd. is a well-funded Canadian mining company with a unique carried joint venture interest on a significant portion of one of the world's largest copper-gold projects - the Oyu Tolgoi project in Mongolia. The Oyu Tolgoi project includes two separate land holdings: the Oyu Tolgoi mining licence, which is held by Entre's joint venture partner OTLLC and the Entre/Oyu Tolgoi JV Property, which is a partnership between Entre and OTLLC. Rio Tinto owns 66% of OTLLC and is the manager of operations at Oyu Tolgoi. Entre has a 20% or 30% carried participating interest in the Entre/Oyu Tolgoi JV, depending on the depth of mineralization. Horizon Copper Corp. and Rio Tinto are major shareholders of Entre, beneficially holding approximately 24% and 16% of the shares of the Company, respectively. More information about Entre can be found at www.EntreeResourcesLtd.com.

This News Release contains forward-looking information within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities laws with respect to corporate strategies and plans; requirements for additional capital; uses of funds and projected expenditures; timing and status of Lift 1 Panel 1 development work on the Entre/Oyu Tolgoi JV Property; timing and status of Oyu Tolgoi underground development; the expected timing of first Panel 1 production from the Oyu Tolgoi mining licence; the technical studies for Lift 1 Panel 1, OTFS23, the Lift 2 Pre-Feasibility Study, and the updated resource model for Hugo North (including Hugo North Extension) Lifts 1 and 2 and the possible outcomes, content and timing thereof; the timing and progress of the sinking of Shafts 3 and 4 and any delays in that regard in addition to previously disclosed delays; future commodity prices; the estimation of mineral reserves and resources; potential size of a mineralized zone; potential expansion of mineralization; potential discovery of new mineralized zones; potential metallurgical recoveries and grades; plans for future exploration and/or development programs and budgets; anticipated business activities; and future financial performance.

In certain cases, forward-looking information can be identified by words such as "plans", "expects" or "does not expect", "is expected", "budgeted", "scheduled", "estimates", "forecasts", "intends", "anticipates", or "does not anticipate" or "believes" or variations of such words and phrases or statements that certain actions, events or results "may", "could", "would", "might", "will be taken", "occur" or "be achieved". While the Company has based forward-looking information on its expectations about future events as at the date that such information was prepared, the information is not a guarantee of Entre's future performance and is based on numerous assumptions regarding present and future business strategies; the correct interpretation of agreements, laws and regulations; the commencement and conclusion of arbitration proceedings, including the potential benefits, timing and outcome of arbitration proceedings; the potential benefits, timing and outcome of discussions with Erdenes Oyu Tolgoi LLC, OTLLC, and Rio Tinto; that the Company will continue to have timely access to detailed technical, financial, and operational information about the Entre/Oyu Tolgoi JV Property, the Oyu Tolgoi project, and government relations to enable the Company to properly assess, act on, and disclose material risks and opportunities as they arise; local and global economic conditions and the environment in which Entre will operate in the future, including commodity prices, projected grades, projected dilution, anticipated capital and operating costs, including inflationary pressures thereon resulting in cost escalation, and anticipated future production and cash flows; the anticipated location of certain infrastructure and sequence of mining within and across panel boundaries; the construction and continued development of the Oyu Tolgoi underground mine; the status of Entre's relationship and interaction with the Government of Mongolia, Erdenes Oyu Tolgoi LLC, OTLLC, and Rio Tinto; and the Company's ability to operate sustainably, its community relations, and its social licence to operate.

With respect to the construction and continued development of the Oyu Tolgoi underground mine, important risks, uncertainties and factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking information include, amongst others, the nature of the ongoing relationship and interaction between OTLLC, Rio Tinto, Erdenes Oyu Tolgoi LLC and the Government of Mongolia with respect to the continued operation and development of Oyu Tolgoi along with the implementation of Resolution 103; the continuation of undercutting in accordance with the mine plans and designs in OTFS23; the amount of any future funding gap to complete the Oyu Tolgoi project and the availability and amount of potential sources of additional funding; the timing and cost of the construction and expansion of mining and processing facilities; inflationary pressures on prices for critical supplies for Oyu Tolgoi including fuel, power explosives and grinding media resulting in cost escalation; the ability of OTLLC or the Government of Mongolia to deliver a domestic power source for Oyu Tolgoi (or the availability of financing for OTLLC or the Government of Mongolia to construct such a source) within the required contractual timeframe; sources of interim power; OTLLC's ability to operate sustainably, its community relations, and its social licence to operate in Mongolia; the impact of changes in, changes in interpretation to or changes in enforcement of, laws, regulations and government practises in Mongolia; delays, and the costs which would result from delays, in the development of the underground mine; the anticipated location of certain infrastructure and sequence of mining within and across panel boundaries; international conflicts such as the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict; projected commodity prices and their market demand; and production estimates and the anticipated yearly production of copper, gold and silver at the Oyu Tolgoi underground mine.

Other risks, uncertainties and factors which could cause actual results, performance or achievements of Entre to differ materially from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by forward-looking information include, amongst others, unanticipated costs, expenses or liabilities; discrepancies between actual and estimated production, mineral reserves and resources and metallurgical recoveries; development plans for processing resources; matters relating to proposed exploration or expansion; mining operational and development risks, including geotechnical risks and ground conditions; regulatory restrictions (including environmental regulatory restrictions and liability); risks related to international operations, including legal and political risk in Mongolia; risks related to the potential impact of global or national health concerns; risks associated with changes in the attitudes of governments to foreign investment; risks associated with the conduct of joint ventures, including the ability to access detailed technical, financial and operational information; risks related to the Company's significant shareholders, and whether they will exercise their rights or act in a manner that is consistent with the best interests of the Company and its other shareholders; inability to upgrade Inferred mineral resources to Indicated or Measured mineral resources; inability to convert mineral resources to mineral reserves; conclusions of economic evaluations; fluctuations in commodity prices and demand; changing foreign exchange rates; the speculative nature of mineral exploration; the global economic climate; dilution; share price volatility; activities, actions or assessments by Rio Tinto or OTLLC and by government stakeholders or authorities including Erdenes Oyu Tolgoi LLC and the Government of Mongolia; the availability of funding on reasonable terms; the impact of changes in interpretation to or changes in enforcement of laws, regulations and government practices, including laws, regulations and government practices with respect to mining, foreign investment, royalties and taxation; the terms and timing of obtaining necessary environmental and other government approvals, consents and permits; the availability and cost of necessary items such as water, skilled labour, transportation and appropriate smelting and refining arrangements; unanticipated reclamation expenses; changes to assumptions as to the availability of electrical power, and the power rates used in operating cost estimates and financial analyses; changes to assumptions as to salvage values; ability to maintain the social licence to operate; accidents, labour disputes and other risks of the mining industry; global climate change; global conflicts; title disputes; limitations on insurance coverage; competition; loss of key employees; cyber security incidents; misjudgements in the course of preparing forward-looking information; and those factors discussed in the Company's most recently filed MD&A and in the Company's Annual Information Form for the financial year ended December 31, 2022, dated March 31, 2023 filed with the Canadian Securities Administrators and available at www.sedarplus.ca. Although the Company has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual actions, events or results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking information, there may be other factors that cause actions, events or results not to be as anticipated, estimated or intended. There can be no assurance that forward-looking information will prove to be accurate, as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such information. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking information. The Company is under no obligation to update or alter any forward-looking information except as required under applicable securities laws.

View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/entree-resources-announces-partial-drill-results-for-hugo-north-extension-and-provides-update-on-underground-development-work-302074834.html

TORONTO, Feb. 28, 2024 /PRNewswire/ - Agnico Eagle Mines Limited (NYSE: AEM) (TSX: AEM) ("Agnico Eagle") announced today that it has acquired 5,750,000 common shares ("Common Shares") of Prism Resources Inc. ("Prism") from Trevali Mining Corporation at a price of approximately C$0.0174 per Common Share for total consideration of C$100,000 (the "Transaction"), pursuant to a share purchase agreement dated February 13, 2024 (the "Share Purchase Agreement") between Agnico Eagle and FTI Consulting Canada Inc., in its capacity as court-appointed monitor of Prism.

Prism holds a 7.5% Net Profit Interest royalty on the Aurora and Sunday Lake claims (the "Claims"). The Claims form a part of Agnico Eagle's Detour Lake mine property, including Zone 58N and other geologically prospective targets.

Agnico Eagle is acquiring the Common Shares for investment purposes. Depending on market conditions and other factors, Agnico Eagle may, from time to time, acquire additional Common Shares or other securities of Prism or dispose of some or all of the Common Shares or other securities of Prism that it owns at such time.

Prior to entering into the Share Purchase Agreement, Agnico Eagle did not own any Common Shares. As a result of the Transaction, Agnico Eagle owns 5,750,000 Common Shares, representing approximately 11.07% of the issued and outstanding Common Shares on a non-diluted basis.

An early warning report will be filed by Agnico Eagle in accordance with applicable securities laws. To obtain a copy of the early warning report, please contact:

Agnico Eagle is a Canadian based and led senior gold mining company and the third largest gold producer in the world, producing precious metals from operations in Canada, Australia, Finland and Mexico. It has a pipeline of high-quality exploration and development projects in these countries as well as in the United States. Agnico Eagle is a partner of choice within the mining industry, recognized globally for its leading environmental, social and governance practices. Agnico Eagle was founded in 1957 and has consistently created value for its shareholders, declaring a cash dividend every year since 1983.

For further information regarding Agnico Eagle, contact Investor Relations at investor.relations@agnicoeagle.com or call (416) 947-1212.

The information in this news release has been prepared as at February 28, 2024. Certain statements in this news release, referred to herein as "forward-looking statements", constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and "forward-looking information" under the provisions of Canadian provincial securities laws. These statements can be identified by the use of words such as "may", "will" or similar terms.

Forward-looking statements in this news release include, without limitation, statements relating to Agnico Eagle's acquisition or disposition of securities of Prism in the future.

Forward-looking statements are necessarily based upon a number of factors and assumptions that, while considered reasonable by Agnico Eagle as of the date of such statements, are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies. Many factors, known and unknown, could cause actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. Other than as required by law, Agnico Eagle does not intend, and does not assume any obligation, to update these forward-looking statements.

Ranked #9 of the most sustainable corporations in the world by Corporate Knights, first among peers

EDMONTON, Alberta and NEW YORK, Feb. 28, 2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- TSX, NYSE:STN Stantec, a global leader in sustainable design and engineering, today reported its results for the fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2023.

Stantec achieved record financial results and delivered another solid year of excellent performance in 2023. Net revenue increased $609 million to $5.1 billion, driven primarily by 9.9% organic growth and 1.5% acquisition growth. Continued focus on strong project execution and operational excellence drove record adjusted EBITDA margin of 16.4%, diluted earnings per share (EPS) of $2.98, and adjusted diluted EPS of $3.67.

In the fourth quarter of 2023, Stantec grew net revenue 9.9% to $1.2 billion through strong organic growth of 7.5% and acquisition growth of 1.9%. Adjusted EBITDA margin was 15.7%, while diluted EPS was $0.66 and adjusted diluted EPS remained consistent at $0.82.

Adjusted EBITDA margin and adjusted diluted EPS were both impacted by a significant expense related to the revaluation of Stantec's long-term incentive plan (LTIP) primarily due to strong share price appreciation in 2023. Excluding the revaluation for 2023 and Q4 2023, adjusted EBITDA margin was 17.1% and 16.6% respectively, and adjusted diluted EPS was $3.91 and $0.90, respectively.

"Stantec continues to fire on all cylinders, delivering yet another year of record financial results," said Gord Johnston, president and chief executive officer. "I am very proud of the strong operational performance delivered by our dedicated employees while again being ranked as one of the most sustainable companies in the world. We are extremely well positioned to continue addressing the complex multi-year challenges our clients and communities are facing, and we are confident 2024 will be another very strong year for Stantec."

_____________________________________________

Adjusted diluted EPS, adjusted EBITDA, and adjusted EBITDA margin are non-IFRS measures, and organic growth and acquisition growth are other financial measures (discussed in the Definitions section of Stantec's 2023 Annual Report).

CFO Planned Retirement

Stantec also announced today the planned retirement of Theresa Jang, executive vice president and chief financial officer. The Company has initiated a search to identify her successor and is considering both internal and external candidates. Jang will remain as chief financial officer until her successor is in place and has committed to remaining with the Company for a period thereafter to ensure a smooth transition.

"Since joining Stantec in 2018, Theresa has played a pivotal role in creating value for all of our stakeholders," said Johnston. "Through her stewardship, Stantec's financial position has never been stronger, and she has built a world-class finance team that will continue to support our growth ambitions. She has been a tremendous leader, and a valued colleague and friend."

"As I reflect on all that my Stantec colleagues and I have accomplished together, I have decided the time is right for me to step away from executive life," said Jang. "While my journey with Stantec will come to an end later this year, I am confident the Company will continue to thrive and outperform for many years to come."

2024 Outlook

Stantec is increasing its net revenue growth and adjusted diluted EPS growth targets and reaffirming other targets and expectations included in the 2024 guidance released on December 5, 2023 with the launch of its 2024-2026 Strategic Plan. These targets now include the acquisition of Morrison Hershfield, which closed on February 9, 2024.

In setting Stantec's targets and guidance, the Company assumed an average value for the US dollar of $1.35, GBP $1.70, and AU $0.90. For all other underlying assumptions, see Stantec's 2023 Annual Report.

note: Adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net income, adjusted diluted EPS, and adjusted ROIC, are non-IFRS measures.

Stantec now expects that net revenue will increase between 11% and 15% in 2024. Stantec continues to see high levels of activity in all regions and reaffirms expectations for organic net revenue growth in the mid to high single digits, with the US and Global regions in the mid to high single digits, and Canada in the mid-single digits. The Company now expects acquisition net revenue growth in the mid-single digits from ZETCON, Morrison Hershfield, and ESD.

Stantec continues to anticipate adjusted EBITDA margin will be in the range of 16.2% - 17.2% and adjusted net income to achieve a margin above 8.0%. The Company now expects adjusted diluted EPS growth to be in the range of 12% - 16%.

The above targets do not include any assumptions for additional acquisitions given the unpredictable nature of the size and timing of such acquisitions, or the impact from share price movements subsequent to December 31, 2023 and the relative total shareholder return components on Stantec's share-based compensation programs.

note: Adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net income, adjusted diluted EPS are non-IFRS measures (discussed in the Definitions of Non-IFRS and Other Financial Measures section of Stantec's 2023 Annual Report).

On Thursday, February 29, 2024, at 7:00 AM Mountain Time (9:00 AM Eastern Time), Gord Johnston, president and chief executive officer, and Theresa Jang, executive vice president and chief financial officer, will hold a conference call to discuss the Company's fourth quarter and year end 2023 performance.

To listen to the webcast and view the slide presentation, please join here.

If you are an analyst and would like to participate in the Q&A, please register here.

Communities are fundamental. Whether around the corner or across the globe, they provide a foundation, a sense of place and of belonging. That's why at Stantec, we always design with community in mind. We care about the communities we serve -- because they're our communities too. This allows us to assess what's needed and connect our expertise, to appreciate nuances and envision what's never been considered, to bring together diverse perspectives so we can collaborate toward a shared success.

We're designers, engineers, scientists, and project managers, innovating together at the intersection of community, creativity, and client relationships. Balancing these priorities results in projects that advance the quality of life in communities across the globe.

Stantec trades on the TSX and the NYSE under the symbol STN. Visit us at stantec.com or find us on social media.

Stantec reports its financial results in accordance with IFRS. However, in this press release, the following non-IFRS and other financial measures are used by the Company: adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net income, adjusted earnings per share (EPS), adjusted return on invested capital (ROIC), free cash flow, net debt to adjusted EBITDA, days sales outstanding (DSO), margin (percentage of net revenue), organic growth (retraction), acquisition growth, and measures described as on a constant currency basis and the impact of foreign exchange or currency fluctuations, as well as measures and ratios calculated using these non-IFRS or other financial measures. Additional disclosure for these non-IFRS and other financial measures, incorporated by reference, is included in the Definitions of Non-IFRS and Other Financial Measures section of the 2023 Annual Report, available on SEDAR at SEDAR.com, EDGAR at sec.gov, and the Company's website at stantec.com and the reconciliation of Non-IFRS Financial Measures appended hereto.

These non-IFRS and other financial measures do not have a standardized meaning under IFRS and, therefore, may not be comparable similar measures presented by other issuers. Management believes that, in addition to conventional measures prepared in accordance with IFRS, these non-IFRS and other financial measures provide useful information to investors to assist them in understanding components of Stantec's financial results. These measures should not be considered in isolation or viewed as a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with IFRS.

Forward Looking Statements

Certain statements contained in this news release constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements in this news release include, but are not limited to, Stantec's Outlook and Annual Targets for 2024 in their entirety, any projections related to revenue, adjusted EBITDA as a % of net revenue, adjusted net income as a % of net revenue, adjusted diluted EPS growth, adjusted ROIC, free cash flow to net income, net debt to adjusted EBITDA, effective tax rate, earnings patterns, and days sales outstanding. Any such statements represent the views of management only as of the date hereof and are presented for the purpose of assisting the Company's shareholders in understanding Stantec's operations, objectives, priorities, and anticipated financial performance as at and for the periods ended on the dates presented and may not be appropriate for other purposes. By their nature, forward-looking statements require management to make assumptions and are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. Stantec's assumptions relating to the 2024 Outlook and Annual Targets are provided in the Company's 2023 Annual Report.

Readers of this news release are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements since a number of factors could cause actual future results to differ materially from the expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. These factors include, but are not limited to, the risk of economic downturn, future pandemics or health crises that could adversely affect operations, reduced public or private sector capital spend, changing market conditions for Stantec's services, and the risk that Stantec fails to capitalize on its strategic initiatives. Investors and the public should carefully consider these factors, other uncertainties, and potential events, as well as the inherent uncertainty of forward-looking statements, when relying on these statements to make decisions with respect to the Company.

For more information about how other material risk factors could affect Stantec's results, refer to the Risk Factors section and Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements section in the Company's 2023 Annual Report. This report is accessible online by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at sec.gov or by visiting the CSA website at sedar.com or Stantec's website, stantec.com. You may obtain a hard copy of the 2023 Annual Report free of charge from the investor contact noted below.

To subscribe to Stantec's email news alerts, please fill out the subscription form, which is also available on the Contact Information page of the Investors section at Stantec.com.

Design with community in mind

Attached to this news release are Stantec's reconciliation of non-IFRS measures.

See the Definitions section of the 2023 Annual Report for the discussion of non-IFRS and other financial measures used and additional reconciliations of non-IFRS financial measures. This table includes only continuing operations results.

note 1: The net impairment (reversal) of lease assets and property and equipment includes onerous contracts associated with the impairment for the year ended December 31, 2023 of $(0.2) (2022 - $2.6; 2021 - $12.5) and for the quarter ended December 31, 2023 of $0.7 (2022 - $2.2). For the year ended December 31, 2023, this amount is net of tax of nil (2022 - $(0.7); 2021 - $8.8). For the quarter ended December 31, 2023, this amount is net of tax of $0.8 (2022 - $0.1).

note 2: The add back of intangible amortization relates only to the amortization from intangible assets acquired through acquisitions and excludes the amortization of software purchased by Stantec. For the year ended December 31, 2023, this amount is net of tax of $15.3 (2022 - $19.3; 2021 - $9.4). For the quarter ended December 31, 2023, this amount is net of tax of $3.2 (2022 - $5.1).

note 3: For the year ended December 31, 2023, this amount is net of tax of $(2.4) (2022 - $4.3); 2021 - $(3.3)). For the quarter ended December 31, 2023, this amount is net of tax of ($(1.5)) (2022 - $(1.0)).

note 4: The add back of certain administrative and marketing costs and depreciation primarily related to acquisition and integration expenses associated with the acquisitions and restructuring costs. For the year ended December 31, 2023, this amount is net of tax of $9.5 (2022 - $10.0; 2021 - $6.6. For the quarter ended December 31, 2023, this amount is net of tax of $2.3 (2022 - $3.1).

note 5: For the year and quarter ended December 31, 2023, this amount is net of tax of nil (2022 - (1.3); 2021 - nil).

SunOpta Inc. ("SunOpta" or the "Company") (Nasdaq:STKL) (TSX:SOY), a U.S.-based global pioneer fueling the future of sustainable, plant-based foods and beverages, today announced financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year ended December 30, 2023.

All amounts are expressed in U.S. dollars and results are reported in accordance with U.S. GAAP, except where specifically noted.

Fourth Quarter 2023 highlights:

"Our latest results provide validation of the powerful potential of our platform. We are a growth company in growing categories and are armed with an optimized product portfolio and high-quality base of leverageable assets that provide significant runway for continued growth," said Brian Kocher, Chief Executive Officer of SunOpta. "Fourth quarter revenues and Adjusted EBITDA exceeded expectations reflecting solid execution against our strategic priorities focused on operational excellence and growth. Volume was up double-digits and accelerated sharply from the third quarter, underscoring the strength of our competitive position and the broad-based demand we are seeing across our portfolio. Plant-based milks and fruit snacks continue to drive growth. We are gaining share with existing customers as well as adding new customers in both categories. In addition, our 330-milliliter protein shake business continues to ramp up aggressively, advancing our total addressable market expansion efforts. We are re-affirming our outlook for 2024 reflecting a high degree of confidence in the direction and trajectory of our business."

Fourth Quarter 2023 Results

Revenues increased 13.7% to $181.6 million for the fourth quarter of 2023. The increase was driven by favorable volume/mix which was up 14.7% partially offset by a price reduction of 1.0% due to pass through of commodity prices. Volume/mix reflected broad based volume growth from oat milks and creamers, 330-milliliter protein shakes and teas, as well as increased sales volumes for fruit snacks, partially offset as expected, by lower external sales of plant-based ingredients, due to increased internal demand for oat base, as well as lower broth volumes.

Gross profit was $25.6 million for the fourth quarter, compared to $23.8 million in the prior year period. As a percentage of revenues, gross profit margin was 14.1% compared to 14.9% in the fourth quarter of 2022, a decrease of 80 basis points, as reported. Adjusted gross margin was 17.3% for the fourth quarter of 2023 compared to 17.8% in the fourth quarter of 2022. The 50-basis point decrease in adjusted gross margin reflected the impact of incremental depreciation of new production equipment for capital expansion projects partially offset by a positive mix shift in plant-based ingredients with increased internal use.

Operating income was $5.1 million, or 2.8% of revenues in the fourth quarter of 2023, compared to operating income of $3.4 million, or 2.1% of revenues in the fourth quarter of 2022. The increase in operating income was primarily driven by higher gross profit.

Loss from continuing operations was $1.8 million for the fourth quarter of 2023 compared to $0.4 million in the prior year period. Diluted loss per share from continuing operations attributable to common shareholders (after dividends and accretion on preferred stock) was $0.02 for the fourth quarter compared with diluted loss per share of $0.01 in the prior year period.

Loss from discontinued operations was $10.0 million or $0.09 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2023 versus earnings of $1.5 million or $0.01 per diluted share in the year earlier period.

Adjusted earnings from continuing operations was $5.7 million or $0.05 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2023, compared to adjusted earnings from continuing operations of $2.6 million or $0.02 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2022 mainly due to improved operating performance, partially offset by increases in interest expense and depreciation.

Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations was $22.3 million or 12.3% of revenue in the fourth quarter of 2023 compared to $19.0 million or 11.9% of revenue in the fourth quarter of 2022.

Please refer to the discussion and table below under "Non-GAAP Measures".

Balance Sheet and Cash Flow

As of December 30, 2023, SunOpta had total assets of $669.4 million and total debt of $263.2 million compared to total assets of $855.9 million and total debt of $308.5 million at fiscal 2022 year end. During the fourth quarter of 2023, cash provided by operating activities of continuing operations was $12.0 million compared to $7.3 million during the fourth quarter of 2022. The increase in cash provided mainly reflected improved operating performance, partially offset by increased working capital and the impact of higher start-up costs and cash interest expense. Investing activities of continuing operations consumed $9.2 million of cash during the fourth quarter of 2023 down from $26.4 million in the prior year, reflecting the completion of certain major capital projects, including the construction of our new plant-based beverage facility in Midlothian, Texas.

2024 Outlook

For fiscal 2024, the Company is re-affirming its outlook and continues to expect strong growth in revenue and Adjusted EBITDA:

Conference Call

SunOpta plans to host a conference call at 5:30 P.M. Eastern time on Wednesday, February 28, 2024, to discuss the fourth quarter financial results. After opening remarks, there will be a question and answer period. Investors interested in listening to the live webcast can access a link on SunOpta's website at www.sunopta.com under the "Investor Relations" section or directly here. A replay of the webcast will be archived and can be accessed for approximately 90 days on the Company's website. This call may be accessed with the toll free dial-in number dial (888) 440-4182 or International dial-in number (646) 960-0653 using Conference ID: 8338433.

See discussion of non-GAAP measures

The Company has included certain forward-looking statements about the future financial performance that include non-GAAP financial measures, including Adjusted EBITDA. These non-GAAP financial measures are derived by excluding certain amounts, expenses or income, from the corresponding financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP. The determination of the amounts that are excluded from these non-GAAP financial measures is a matter of management judgment and depends upon, among other factors, the nature of the underlying expense or income amounts recognized in a given period. We are unable to present a quantitative reconciliation of the aforementioned forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable forward-looking GAAP financial measures because management cannot reliably predict all of the necessary components of such GAAP measures. Historically, management has excluded the following items from certain of these non-GAAP measures, and such items may also be excluded in future periods and could be significant amounts.

About SunOpta Inc.

SunOpta (Nasdaq:STKL) (TSX:SOY) is a U.S.-based, global pioneer fueling the future of sustainable, plant-based food and beverages. Founded 50 years ago, SunOpta manufactures organic and specialty products sold through retail and foodservice channels. SunOpta operates as a manufacturer for leading natural and private label brands, and also proudly produces its own brands, including SOWN, Dream, West Life. For more information, visit www.sunopta.com, and LinkedIn.

Forward-Looking Statements

Certain statements included in this press release may be considered "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and applicable Canadian securities legislation, which are based on information available to us on the date of this release. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, our belief that our protein shake business will ramp aggressively, our expectation for strong growth in revenue and Adjusted EBITDA and our anticipated Revenue, Adjusted EBITDA, Revenue growth and Adjusted EBITDA growth for fiscal 2024. Generally, forward-looking statements do not relate strictly to historical or current facts and are typically accompanied by words such as "continues", "expect", "believe", "anticipate", "estimates", "can", "will", "target", "should", "would", "plans", "becoming", "intend", "confident", "may", "project", "intention", "might", "predict", "budget", "forecast" or other similar terms and phrases intended to identify these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based on information available to the Company on the date of this release and are based on estimates and assumptions made by the Company in light of its experience and its perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments including, but not limited to, the Company's actual financial results; our exit from, and use of proceeds from the divestiture of the assets and liabilities of, Frozen Fruit, uninterrupted operations and service levels to our customers; current customer demand for the Company's products; general economic conditions; continued consumer interest in health and wellness; the Company's ability to maintain product pricing levels; planned facility and operational expansions, closures and divestitures; cost rationalization and product development initiatives; alternative potential uses for the Company's capital resources; portfolio optimization and productivity efforts; the sustainability of the Company's sales pipeline; the Company's expectations regarding commodity pricing, margins and hedging results; procurement and logistics savings; freight lane cost reductions; yield and throughput enhancements; the cost of the frozen fruit recall; labor cost reductions; and the terms of our insurance policies. Whether actual timing and results will agree with expectations and predictions of the Company is subject to many risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, potential loss of suppliers and customers as well as the possibility of supply chain, logistics and other disruptions; unexpected issues or delays with the Company's structural improvements and automation investments; failure or inability to implement portfolio changes, process improvements, go-to-market improvements and process sustainability strategies in a timely manner; changes in the level of capital investment; local and global political and economic conditions; consumer spending patterns and changes in market trends; decreases in customer demand; delayed or unsuccessful product development efforts; potential product recalls; potential additional costs associated with the frozen fruit recall; working capital management; availability and pricing of raw materials and supplies; potential covenant breaches under the Company's credit facilities; and other risks described from time to time under "Risk Factors" in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K and its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q (available at www.sec.gov). Consequently, all forward-looking statements made herein are qualified by these cautionary statements and there can be no assurance that the actual results or developments anticipated by the Company will be realized. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly correct or update the forward-looking statements in this document, in other documents, or on its website to reflect future events or circumstances, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.

The Company uses a measure of adjusted gross margin to evaluate the underlying profitability of its revenue-generating activities within each reporting period. This non-GAAP measure excludes non-capitalizable start-up costs included in cost of goods sold that are incurred in connection with capital expansion projects. Additionally, the Company's measure of adjusted gross margin may exclude other unusual items that are identified and evaluated on an individual basis, which due to their nature or size, the Company would not expect to occur as part of its normal business on a regular basis. The Company believes that disclosing this non-GAAP measure provides investors with a meaningful, consistent comparison of its profitability measure for the periods presented. However, the non-GAAP measure of adjusted gross margin should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for gross margin calculated based on gross profit determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP.

The following table presents a reconciliation of adjusted gross margin from reported gross margin calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP.

Adjusted Earnings/Loss and Adjusted EBITDA

In addition to reporting financial results in accordance with U.S. GAAP, the Company provides additional information about its operating results regarding adjusted earnings/loss and adjusted earnings/loss before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("Adjusted EBITDA"), which are not measures in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The Company believes that adjusted earnings/loss and adjusted EBITDA assist investors in comparing performance across reporting periods on a consistent basis by excluding items that management believes are not indicative of its operating performance. These non-GAAP measures are presented solely to allow investors to more fully assess the Company's results of operations and should not be considered in isolation of, or as substitutes for, an analysis of the Company's results as reported under U.S. GAAP.

The following are tabular presentations of adjusted earnings/loss and adjusted EBITDA, including a reconciliation from net earnings/loss, which the Company believes to be the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure.

Not for distribution to United States newswire services or for dissemination in the United States.

VANCOUVER, BC, Feb. 28, 2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Fobi AI Inc. (FOBI:TSXV) (FOBIF:OTCQB) (the "Company" or "Fobi"), an industry leader in harnessing AI and data intelligence to enable digital transformation, is pleased to announce that, further to its press releases dated February 2, 2024, February 23, 2024 and February 26, 2024, it has completed the final closing of its previously announced fully-subscribed upsized non-brokered private placement pursuant to the listed issuer financing exemption (the "Listed Issuer Financing Exemption") under Part 5A of National Instrument 45-106 - Prospectus Exemptions ("NI 45-106") (the "LIFE Offering").

The second tranche of the LIFE Offering closed on February 28, 2024 ("Second Tranche") and resulted in the issuance of 13,212,128 units of the Company ("Units") at a price per Unit of C$0.07 for aggregate gross proceeds of $924,849. The total LIFE Offering was comprised of the issuance of an aggregate of 34,905,498 Units at a price per Unit of C$0.07 for aggregate gross proceeds of $2,443,384.94.

Each Unit consists of one (1) common share in the capital of the Company (a "Common Share") and one (1) common share purchase warrant (a "Warrant"). Each Warrant entitles the holder to acquire one (1) additional Common Share at an exercise price of C$0.14 until the earlier of three (3) years from the date of issuance; and (ii) in the event the volume weighted average price of the Common Shares on the TSX Venture Exchange (the "TSXV") for any continuous 10 trading day period meets or exceeds $0.21 following the date of issuance thereof (the "Acceleration Condition"), the date that is thirty (30) days following the issuance of a news release by the Company announcing the acceleration of the expiry of the Warrants, which such news release may be issued at any time following the trigger of the Acceleration Condition (the "Acceleration Right"). For avoidance of doubt, the Company shall not be obligated to exercise the Acceleration Right at any time.

Subject to compliance with applicable regulatory requirements and in accordance with NI 45-106, the securities issued under the LIFE Offering are not subject to a hold period pursuant to applicable Canadian securities laws.

In connection with the Second Tranche, the Company paid certain finder's fees in connection with finder's fee agreements with Canaccord Genuity Corp, Haywood Securities Inc., PI Financial Corp., and EMD Financial Inc., each an arm's length finder (the "Finders"). In connection with the closing of the Second Tranche, the Finders were paid an aggregate of $36,019.20 in cash and issued a total of 514,560 non-transferrable finder warrants (each, a "Finder Warrant") Each Finder Warrant is exercisable to acquire one Common Share at an exercise price of $0.14 until February 28, 2027 or as otherwise accelerated as per the Acceleration Right. The Finder Warrants are subject to a hold period of four months from the date of issuance thereof.

The Company intends to use the net proceeds of the LIFE Offering for sales and marketing, product expansion and integration, market expansion, and general working capital and corporate expenses.

The Offering is subject to the final approval of the TSXV.

Non-LIFE Offering of Units

Due to additional interest, the Company is also pleased to announce a new non-brokered private placement offering of Units (the "Non-LIFE Offering"). The Non-LIFE Offering will be comprised of up to 7,603,569 Units of the Company at a price per Unit of $0.07 for aggregate gross proceeds of $532,250. The Units offered in the Non-LIFE Offering will bear the same terms as that offered in the LIFE Offering except that all securities issued pursuant to the Non-LIFE Offering will be subject to a statutory hold period of four months and one day from closing under applicable Canadian securities laws.

The Company may engage one or more agents or finders in connection with the Non-LIFE Offering and may pay such parties fees as may be agreed between the Company and such parties.

The Company intends to use the net proceeds of the Non-LIFE Offering for sales and marketing, product expansion and integration, market expansion and general working capital and corporate expenses.

The closing of the Non-LIFE Offering is expected to occur on or about February 28, 2024, or such other date or dates as the Company may determine, and are subject to certain conditions including, but not limited to, the receipt of all necessary approvals, including approval from the TSXV.

This press release is available on the Fobi website.

To download the Fobi Investor Experience Wallet Pass to get enhanced access to investor information about Fobi, please visit our Investor Experience page.

None of the securities of the Company including those issued or issuable pursuant to the LIFE Offering and Non-LIFE Offering have been, or will be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "U.S. Securities Act") or any U.S. state securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an available exemption from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and applicable U.S. state securities laws. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of the securities referenced in this press release, in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful.

About Fobi AI

Founded in 2017 in Vancouver, Canada, Fobi is a leading AI and data intelligence company that provides businesses with real-time applications to digitally transform and future-proof their organizations. Fobi enables businesses to action, leverage, and monetize their customer data by powering personalized and data-driven customer experiences, and drives digital sustainability by eliminating the need for paper and reducing unnecessary plastic waste at scale.

Fobi works with some of the largest global organizations across retail & CPG, insurance, sports & entertainment, casino gaming, and more. Fobi is a recognized technology and data intelligence leader across North America and Europe, and is the largest data aggregator in Canada's hospitality & tourism industry.

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward Looking Information

This news release contains forward looking information or statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws, which may include, without limitation, statements relating to the Non-LIFE Offering, the amounts that may be raised thereunder, the closing of the Non-LIFE Offering, payment and issuance of compensation to any finders, the use of proceeds of the Offering and Non-LIFE Offering, the receipt of the requisite stock exchange and regulatory approvals in respect of the LIFE Offering and Non-LIFE Offering, the technical, financial and business prospects of the Company, its assets and other matters. All statements in this news release, other than statements of historical facts, that address events or developments that the Company expects to occur, are forward looking information or statements. Although the Company believes the expectations expressed in such forward looking information or statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially from those in the forward looking information or statements. Such statements and information are based on numerous assumptions regarding present and future business strategies and the environment in which the Company will operate in the future, including investor interest in the securities of the Company, the ability of the Company to obtain the requisite stock exchange and regulatory approvals in respect of the LIFE Offering and Non-LIFE Offering, anticipated needs for funds by the Company, the price of inputs including labour costs, the ability to achieve its goals, expected costs and timelines to achieve the Company's goals, that general business and economic conditions will not change in a material adverse manner, and that financing will be available if and when needed and on reasonable terms. Such forward looking information or statements reflects the Company's views with respect to future events and is subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including the risks and uncertainties relating to litigation and arbitration and the costs and timelines associated with the same, the potential for unexpected costs and expenses and those other risks filed under the Company's profile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca. While such estimates and assumptions are considered reasonable by the management of the Company, they are inherently subject to significant business, economic, competitive and regulatory uncertainties and risks. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in forward looking information or statements include, but are not limited to, continued availability of capital and financing and general economic, market or business conditions, failure to compete effectively with competitors, failure to protect the Company's intellectual property, failure to maintain or obtain all necessary permits, approvals and authorizations, failure to comply with applicable laws, risks relating to unanticipated operational difficulties (including failure of equipment or processes, cost escalation, unavailability of personnel, materials and equipment, regulatory action or delays in the receipt of regulatory approvals, work stoppages or disturbances or other job action, and unanticipated events related to health, safety and other legal matters), decreases in demand for the Company's products and services, the impact of COVID-19 or other viruses and diseases on the Company's ability to operate, an inability to predict and counteract the effects of COVID-19 on the business of the Company, including but not limited to, the effects of COVID-19 on the price of inputs, capital market conditions, restriction on labour and international travel and supply chains, loss of key employees, consultants, or directors, increase in costs, delayed results, litigation, and failure of counterparties to perform their contractual obligations. The Company does not undertake to update forward looking statements or forward looking information, except as required by law.

ANALYST RECOMMENDATIONS : Amex, Apollo Global Management, Crowdstrike, Workday, Abrdn...

Every morning, find a selection of analysts' recommendations covering North America and the UK. The list only includes companies that have been the subject of a change of opinion or price target, or of a new coverage. It may be updated during the session. This information can be used to shed light on movements in certain stocks or on market sentiment towards a company.

Bitcoin's price is hitting highs not reached since 2021 as the long-awaited halving event fast approaches. But the cost to send the digital currency isn't keeping pace. In fact, it's down substantially compared to late last year when the price was lower.

BitInfoCharts data shows that the average cost today to send Bitcoin stands at $7.01 worth of BTC. Just two months ago, in December, the average transaction soared as high as $37 as investors snapped up Bitcoin's NFT-like Ordinals.

Ordinals, which allow non-financial data such as art or text to be inscribed onto the Bitcoin blockchain, are still hot -- but BTC transaction fees remain modest.

Transaction fees tend to increase when the network is busy. So why aren't they as high now?

For a start, Ordinals activity isn't as high as it was in December. Ordinals trading is at a fraction of what it was two months ago, despite apparently rising again. In December, trades hit a daily volume tally of $85 million. Now, that figure stands at $15.4 million, according to CryptoSlam.

Also, there isn't a lot of on-chain activity now. Most of the action is happening as traders buy from the newly approved exchange-traded funds (ETFs) -- which already have bought up huge amounts of BTC to keep up with demand. This means the network isn't as busy as it would be if people were sending each other as much actual BTC as opposed to ETF shares representing exposure to Bitcoin.

Miners, who confirm transactions on the blockchain, charge more for people who want to send and receive BTC when the network is busy.

In April, the halving event will mean that miners will have their rewards slashed in half for the work they do: Instead of 6.25 BTC for each block they process, they'll be given 3.125 BTC. That means they'll have to work harder to make the same amount of Bitcoin.

The highest price to send BTC ever was back in April 2021, during the last bull run: The average transaction cost stood at $62.77 at the time.

BTC is now trading for $60,452, and surged as high as $63,636 earlier today -- a level not reached since 2021. As we enter another bull run, will the price continue to stay low? And crucially, will transaction fees remain well under the peak?

ANALYST RECOMMENDATIONS : Amex, Apollo Global Management, Crowdstrike, Workday, Abrdn...

Every morning, find a selection of analysts' recommendations covering North America and the UK. The list only includes companies that have been the subject of a change of opinion or price target, or of a new coverage. It may be updated during the session. This information can be used to shed light on movements in certain stocks or on market sentiment towards a company.

ANALYST RECOMMENDATIONS : Amex, Apollo Global Management, Crowdstrike, Workday, Abrdn...

Every morning, find a selection of analysts' recommendations covering North America and the UK. The list only includes companies that have been the subject of a change of opinion or price target, or of a new coverage. It may be updated during the session. This information can be used to shed light on movements in certain stocks or on market sentiment towards a company.

Not for distribution to United States newswire services or for dissemination in the United States.

VANCOUVER, BC, Feb. 28, 2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Fobi AI Inc. (FOBI:TSXV) (FOBIF: OTCQB) (the "Company" or "Fobi"), an industry leader in harnessing AI and data intelligence to enable digital transformation, is pleased to announce a non-brokered private placement financing (the "Offering") of up to 28,571,428 units of the Company ("Units") at a price per Unit of C$0.07 for aggregate gross proceeds of up to approximately C$2,000,000. Each Unit shall consist of one (1) common share in the capital of the Company (a "Common Share") and one (1) common share purchase warrant (each, a "Warrant"). Each Warrant shall be exercisable to acquire one (1) additional common share in the capital of the Company at an exercise price of C$0.14 until the earlier of (i) thirty-six (36) months from the date of issuance of the Warrants; and (ii) in the event the volume weighted average price of the Common Shares on the TSX Venture Exchange (the "TSXV") for any continuous 10 trading day period meets or exceeds $0.21 following the closing of the Offering (the "Acceleration Condition"), the date that is thirty (30) days following the issuance of a news release by the Company announcing the acceleration of the expiry of the Warrants, which such news release may be issued at any time following the trigger of the Acceleration Condition (the "Acceleration Right"). For avoidance of doubt, the Company shall not be obligated to exercise the Acceleration Right at any time.

There is an offering document related to the Offering that can be accessed under the Company's profile at www.sedarplus.ca and on the Company's investor website at https://investors.fobi.ai/life-offering-subscription-agreement. Prospective investors should read this offering document before making an investment decision.

Subject to compliance with applicable regulatory requirements and in accordance with National Instrument 45-106 - Prospectus Exemptions ("NI 45-106"), the Units issuable pursuant to the Offering will be offered for sale to purchasers resident in Canada (other than Quebec) and/or other qualifying jurisdictions pursuant to the listed issuer financing exemption under Part 5A of NI 45-106 (the "Listed Issuer Financing Exemption"). Because the Offering is being completed pursuant to the Listed Issuer Financing Exemption, the securities issued under the Offering will not be subject to a hold period pursuant to applicable Canadian securities laws.

The Company may engage one or more agents or finders in connection with the Offering and may pay such parties fees as may be agreed between the Company and such parties.

The Company intends to use the net proceeds of the Offering for sales and marketing, product expansion and integration, market expansion, and general working capital and corporate expenses.

The closing of the Offering is expected to occur on or about February 15, 2024, or such other date or dates as the Company may determine, and are subject to certain conditions including, but not limited to, the receipt of all necessary approvals, including approval from the TSXV.

The securities of the Company have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "U.S. Securities Act") or any U.S. state securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an available exemption from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and applicable U.S. state securities laws. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of the securities referenced in this press release, in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful.

This press release is available on the Fobi website.

To download the Fobi Investor Experience Wallet Pass to get enhanced access to investor information about Fobi, please visit our Investor Experience page.

About Fobi AI

Founded in 2017 in Vancouver, Canada, Fobi is a leading AI and data intelligence company that provides businesses with real-time applications to digitally transform and future-proof their organizations. Fobi enables businesses to action, leverage, and monetize their customer data by powering personalized and data-driven customer experiences, and drives digital sustainability by eliminating the need for paper and reducing unnecessary plastic waste at scale.

Fobi works with some of the largest global organizations across retail & CPG, insurance, sports & entertainment, casino gaming, and more. Fobi is a recognized technology and data intelligence leader across North America and Europe, and is the largest data aggregator in Canada's hospitality & tourism industry.

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information

This news release contains forward-looking information or statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws, which may include, without limitation, statements relating to the terms and completion of the Offering, the use of proceeds of the Offering, the receipt of TSXV approval in respect of the Offering, the technical, financial and business prospects of the Company, its assets and other matters. All statements in this news release, other than statements of historical facts, that address events or developments that the Company expects to occur, are forward-looking information or statements. Although the Company believes the expectations expressed in such forward-looking information or statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking information or statements. Such statements and information are based on numerous assumptions regarding present and future business strategies and the environment in which the Company will operate in the future, including the price of inputs such as labour costs, the ability to achieve its goals, expected costs and timelines to achieve the Company's goals, that general business and economic conditions will not change in a materially adverse manner, and that financing will be available if and when needed and on reasonable terms. Such forward-looking information or statements reflect the Company's views with respect to future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including the risks and uncertainties relating to litigation and arbitration and the costs and timelines associated with the same, the potential for unexpected costs and expenses and those other risks filed under the Company's profile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca. While such estimates and assumptions are considered reasonable by the management of the Company, they are inherently subject to significant business, economic, competitive and regulatory uncertainties and risks. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in forward looking information or statements include, but are not limited to, the ability of the Company to complete the Offering on the terms described herein, including obtaining the requisite approval of the TSXV, continued availability of capital and financing and general economic, market or business conditions, failure to compete effectively with competitors, failure to protect the Company's intellectual property, failure to maintain or obtain all necessary permits, approvals and authorizations, failure to comply with applicable laws, risks relating to unanticipated operational difficulties (including failure of equipment or processes, cost escalation, unavailability of personnel, materials and equipment, regulatory action or delays in the receipt of regulatory approvals, work stoppages or disturbances or other job action, and unanticipated events related to health, safety and other legal matters), decreases in demand for the Company's products and services, the impact of COVID-19 or other viruses and diseases on the Company's ability to operate, an inability to predict and counteract the effects of COVID-19 on the business of the Company, including but not limited to, the effects of COVID-19 on the price of inputs, capital market conditions, restriction on labour and international travel and supply chains, loss of key employees, consultants, or directors, increase in costs, delayed results, litigation, and failure of counterparties to perform their contractual obligations. The Company does not undertake to update forward-looking statements or forward-looking information, except as required by law.

Feb 28 (Reuters) - Monster Beverage missed Wall Street expectations for fourth-quarter revenue on Thursday, as budget-conscious consumers turned wary of purchasing the company's higher priced beverages and energy drinks.

With consumers in the U.S. battling higher costs of essentials like food and fuel, spending on pricier beverages has turned conservative, hurting sales for companies such as Monster Beverage, as well as rivals like Keurig Dr Pepper and PepsiCo.

Beverage companies resorted to several rounds of price hikes last year to offset higher costs of freight, aluminum and raw materials such as sugar.

While prices of freight and aluminum have cooled, higher sugar costs have continued to weigh.

The company's net revenue rose 14.4%, to $1.73 billion in the fourth quarter, falling short of analysts' estimate of a 16% rise to $1.75 billion.

Gross profit as a percentage of net sales for the fourth quarter was 54.2%, compared with 53% last quarter.

Excluding items, the company earned 35 cents per share, compared with LSEG estimates of 38 cents per share. (Reporting by Juveria Tabassum; Editing by Pooja Desai)

ANALYST RECOMMENDATIONS : Amex, Apollo Global Management, Crowdstrike, Workday, Abrdn...

Every morning, find a selection of analysts' recommendations covering North America and the UK. The list only includes companies that have been the subject of a change of opinion or price target, or of a new coverage. It may be updated during the session. This information can be used to shed light on movements in certain stocks or on market sentiment towards a company.

ANALYST RECOMMENDATIONS : Amex, Apollo Global Management, Crowdstrike, Workday, Abrdn...

Every morning, find a selection of analysts' recommendations covering North America and the UK. The list only includes companies that have been the subject of a change of opinion or price target, or of a new coverage. It may be updated during the session. This information can be used to shed light on movements in certain stocks or on market sentiment towards a company.

Feb 29 (Reuters) - A look at the day ahead in Asian markets.

Thursday's Asia-Pacific economic calendar is one of the busiest of the year so far, with a raft of top-tier indicators from across the region certain to get local markets moving before U.S. inflation figures are out later in the day.

The global mood is more cautious, certainly relative to the recent Nvidia-fueled excitement - the MSCI Global and Asia ex-Japan indexes on Wednesday posted their steepest declines in two weeks, and the three major U.S. indexes also closed in the red as investors braced for U.S. inflation data on Thursday.

Retail sales data from Japan and Australia, and fourth-quarter GDP figures from India are the highlights that will give investors in Asia a steer on how the monetary policy path for these three key economies is shaping up.

Consumer price data from Japan and Australia this week gave investors plenty food for thought - Japanese inflation in January failed to moderate as much as expected, and Australian inflation failed to accelerate, as per the consensus forecast.

Will retail sales surprise as much as inflation did? Consumer spending in both countries is expected to accelerate in January from the month before, Reuters polls show.

The Bank of Japan is preparing to exit years of ultra-loose policy and implement positive interest rates for the first time since 2016, while the Reserve Bank of Australia is preparing to cut rates.

The Australian dollar was one of the biggest losers among major currencies and RBA rate cut expectations were trimmed after that inflation surprise. Traders now see 40 basis points of easing this year, with the first cut not coming until September.

India's economic growth, meanwhile, is expected to have moderated to 6.6% year-on-year in the October to December quarter as robust government spending slowed and growth in the agriculture sector remained muted.

The range of forecasts in a Reuters poll of 63 economists was from 5.6% to 7.4%. If recent history is any indication, any surprises are likely to be on the upside - official GDP growth releases for the preceding three quarters broadly surpassed economists' predictions.

After a lull of a few weeks, Chinese markets are once again being led by news headlines on the country's troubled property sector.

Developer Country Garden said on Wednesday a liquidation petition has been filed against it for non-payment of a $205 million loan, clouding its debt revamp prospects and undermining Beijing's effort to restore confidence in the property sector.

Hong Kong announced major measures on Wednesday to bolster its flagging real estate market by scrapping all tightening measures for residential properties, and canceling all additional stamp duties on transactions imposed in the past decade.

Chinese stocks have enjoyed a decent revival in recent weeks, but that may be fading.

Here are key developments that could provide more direction to markets on Thursday:

National Storage Affiliates Trust ("NSA" or the "Company") (NYSE: NSA) today reported the Company's fourth quarter and full year 2023 results.

David Cramer, President and Chief Executive Officer, commented, "We are pleased with our results this quarter, as we balanced rate and occupancy to drive revenues, while remaining focused on cost efficiencies across our platform. Looking back at the full year, I'm very proud of our team's focus on People, Process and Platform initiatives, which we believe will enhance our results going forward."

Mr. Cramer further commented, "We've made significant progress on our strategic initiatives during the fourth quarter and thus far in 2024, including the sale of approximately $540 million of properties, the formation of two new joint ventures, the repurchase of approximately $120 million of common shares, and fully repaying our line of credit as of February 23, 2024. These key steps improve our portfolio quality and concentration, while putting us in an attractive position to take advantage of external growth opportunities as they arise."

Financial Results

Net income increased $57.7 million for the fourth quarter of 2023 and increased by $53.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 ("year-to-date") as compared to the same periods in 2022. The increases resulted primarily from a gain on the sale of 32 self storage properties during the fourth quarter of 2023 and additional NOI generated from the 20 wholly-owned self storage properties acquired during the year ended December 31, 2023, partially offset by increases in interest expense.

The decreases in FFO and Core FFO for the fourth quarter of 2023 and year-to-date were primarily the result of increases in interest expense of 31.2% and 50.2%, respectively, partially offset by an increase in NOI of 0.3% and 5.6%, respectively, as compared to the same periods in 2022.

Same Store Operating Results (724 Stores)

Year-over-year same store total revenues remained relatively consistent for the fourth quarter of 2023 and increased 2.4% year-to-date as compared to the same periods in 2022. The fourth quarter same store total revenue result was driven primarily by a 3.6% increase in average annualized rental revenue per occupied square foot offset by a 380 basis point decrease in average occupancy. The year-to-date increase was driven primarily by a 6.1% increase in average annualized rental revenue per occupied square foot, partially offset by a 400 basis point decrease in average occupancy. Markets which generated above portfolio average same store total revenue growth include: Riverside-San Bernardino, Atlanta, and Oklahoma City. Markets which generated below portfolio average same store total revenue growth include: Phoenix, New Orleans and Las Vegas.

Year-over-year same store property operating expenses increased 4.8% for the fourth quarter of 2023 and 4.7% year-to-date as compared to the same periods in 2022. The increases primarily resulted from increases in marketing, insurance, and property tax expense offset by a decrease in personnel costs.

Disposition and Investment Activity

During the fourth quarter, NSA invested $25.0 million in the acquisition of two wholly-owned self storage properties consisting of approximately 113,000 rentable square feet configured in approximately 900 storage units. Total consideration for these acquisitions included approximately $17.0 million of net cash, $4.0 million of subordinated performance units, $3.8 million of 6.000% Series A-1 cumulative redeemable preferred units and $0.2 million of LTIP units.

During the fourth quarter, NSA entered into an agreement to sell 71 wholly-owned self storage properties consisting of approximately 4.4 million rentable square feet configured in approximately 34,000 storage units for approximately $540.0 million, before disposition costs and credits (the "Portfolio Sale"). The agreement provides for separate disposition dates with 32 self storage properties, consisting of approximately 2.0 million rentable square feet configured in approximately 16,000 storage units for approximately $263.2 million, sold in December 2023, and 39 self storage properties, consisting of approximately 2.4 million rentable square feet configured in approximately 18,000 storage units for approximately $266.8 million, to be sold in 2024, of which 38 were sold in February.

During the fourth quarter, NSA entered into an agreement to form the 2024 Joint Venture with the 2024 JV Investor. On February 13, 2024, NSA contributed to the 2024 Joint Venture 56 self storage properties located across seven states, consisting of approximately 3.2 million rentable square feet configured in over 24,000 storage units for approximately $346.5 million. The 2024 Joint Venture was capitalized with approximately $140.8 million in equity (approximately $35.2 million from NSA in exchange for a 25% ownership interest and approximately $105.6 million from the 2024 JV Investor in exchange for a 75% ownership interest) and proceeds from a $210.0 million interest-only secured debt financing with an interest rate of 6.05% per annum and a term of five years. All of the properties in the 2024 Joint Venture will continue to be operated by NSA's management platform.

The Portfolio Sale and 2024 Joint Venture contribution generated aggregate net proceeds to NSA of approximately $835 million, which NSA used to fully pay down its revolving line of credit and $130.0 million of Term Loan Tranche B and for general corporate purposes.

Balance Sheet

During the fourth quarter, NSA repurchased 852,771 of its common shares for approximately $27.4 million under the previously announced share repurchase program. For the full year 2023, the Company repurchased 8,836,639 shares for approximately $310.2 million. On December 1, 2023, NSA approved a new share repurchase program authorizing, but not obligating, the repurchase of up to $275.0 million of its common shares of beneficial interest from time to time. NSA expects to acquire the common shares through open market or privately negotiated transactions. The timing and amount of repurchase transactions, if any, will be determined by NSA's management based on its evaluation of market conditions, share price, legal requirements and other factors.

Common Share Dividends

On November 8, 2023, NSA's Board of Trustees declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.56 per common share, representing a 1.8% increase from the fourth quarter 2022. The fourth quarter 2023 dividend was paid on December 29, 2023 to shareholders of record as of December 15, 2023.

For full year 2023, NSA's Board of Trustees declared cash dividends of $2.23 per common share, representing a 3.7% increase from 2022.

2024 Guidance

The following table outlines NSA's Core FFO per share guidance estimates and related assumptions for the year ended December 31, 2024.

Supplemental Financial Information

The full text of this earnings release and supplemental financial information, including certain financial information referenced in this release, are available on NSA's website at http://ir.nationalstorageaffiliates.com/quarterly-reporting and as exhibit 99.1 to the Company's Form 8-K furnished to the SEC on February 28, 2024.

Non-GAAP Financial Measures & Glossary

This press release contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are presented because NSA's management believes these measures help investors understand NSA's business, performance and ability to earn and distribute cash to its shareholders by providing perspectives not immediately apparent from net income (loss). These measures are also frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties. The presentations of FFO, Core FFO and NOI in this press release are not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. In addition, NSA's method of calculating these measures may be different from methods used by other companies, and, accordingly, may not be comparable to similar measures as calculated by other companies that do not use the same methodology as NSA. These measures, and other words and phrases used herein, are defined in the Glossary in the supplemental financial information and, where appropriate, reconciliations of these measures and other non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures are included in the Schedules to this press release and in the supplemental financial information.

Quarterly Teleconference and Webcast

The Company will host a conference call at 1:00 pm Eastern Time on Thursday, February 29, 2024 to discuss its fourth quarter 2023 financial results. At the conclusion of the call, management will accept questions from certified financial analysts. All other participants are encouraged to listen to a webcast of the call by accessing the link found on the Company's website at www.nationalstorageaffiliates.com.

A replay of the webcast will be available for 30 days on NSA's website at www.nationalstorageaffiliates.com.

Upcoming Industry Conference

NSA management is scheduled to participate in Citi's 2024 Global Property CEO Conference on March 3 - 6, 2024 in Hollywood, Florida.

About National Storage Affiliates Trust

National Storage Affiliates Trust is a real estate investment trust headquartered in Greenwood Village, Colorado, focused on the ownership, operation and acquisition of self storage properties predominantly located within the top 100 metropolitan statistical areas throughout the United States. As of December 31, 2023, the Company held ownership interests in and operated 1,050 self storage properties, located in 42 states and Puerto Rico with approximately 68.6 million rentable square feet, which excludes 39 self storage properties classified as held for sale to be sold to a third party. NSA is one of the largest owners and operators of self storage properties among public and private companies in the United States. For more information, please visit the Company's website at www.nationalstorageaffiliates.com. NSA is included in the MSCI US REIT Index (RMS/RMZ), the Russell 1000 Index of Companies and the S&P MidCap 400 Index.

NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

Certain statements contained in this press release constitute forward-looking statements as such term is defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and such statements are intended to be covered by the safe harbor provided by the same. Forward-looking statements are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and are generally beyond the Company's control. These forward-looking statements include information about possible or assumed future results of the Company's business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, plans and objectives. Changes in any circumstances may cause the Company's actual results to differ significantly from those expressed in any forward-looking statement. When used in this release, the words "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "plan," "continue," "intend," "should," "may" or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Statements regarding the following subjects, among others, may be forward-looking: market trends in the Company's industry, interest rates, inflation, the debt and lending markets or the general economy; the Company's business and investment strategy; the acquisition of properties, including those under contract and the Company's ability to execute on its acquisition pipeline; the timing of acquisitions under contract; the internalization of retiring participating regional operators ("PROs") into the Company; and the Company's guidance estimates for the year ended December 31, 2024. For a further list and description of such risks and uncertainties, see the Company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and the other documents filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The forward-looking statements, and other risks, uncertainties and factors are based on the Company's beliefs, assumptions and expectations of its future performance, taking into account all information currently available to the Company. Forward-looking statements are not predictions of future events. The Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.

Astronics Corporation (Nasdaq: ATRO) ("Astronics" or the "Company"), a leading supplier of advanced technologies and products to the global aerospace, defense and other mission critical industries, today reported financial results for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2023.

This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240228787644/en/

Peter J. Gundermann, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, commented, "We had a very strong close to the year with fourth quarter revenue of $195 million, up 23% over the comparator quarter. This brought total 2023 sales to $689 million, an increase of 29% over 2022. Our financial results demonstrate our improved performance with fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA of $25 million, or 12.7% of sales. The expanded profitability was the result of continued strong demand, an improved supply chain and a more stable and developed team of people. We are encouraged with the momentum in our business and believe we are well positioned to enjoy continued tailwinds as we enter 2024."

Adjusted EBITDA is a Non-GAAP Performance Measure. Please see the attached table for a reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA to GAAP net income.

Fourth Quarter Results

*Adjusted EBITDA is a Non-GAAP Performance Measure. Please see the attached table for a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to GAAP net income (loss).

Fourth Quarter 2023 Results (compared with the prior-year period, unless noted otherwise)

Consolidated sales were up $37.1 million, or 23.5%. Aerospace sales increased $30.4 million, or 22.0%, driven by increased demand across our range of aerospace product lines. Test Systems sales increased $6.7 million on higher radio test revenue.

Consolidated operating income was $7.8 million, compared with operating loss of $3.2 million in the prior-year period. Improved operating income reflects higher sales volume, partially offset by $4.2 million in non-cash stock bonuses reinstated in the current quarter. The prior-year period operating loss benefited from a $1.5 million gain related to indemnification proceeds received during the quarter associated with a litigation settlement.

Interest expense was $5.9 million in the current period, compared with $3.6 million in the prior-year period, primarily driven by higher interest rates on credit facilities entered into in January 2023. Interest expense included approximately $0.9 million of non-cash amortization of capitalized financing-related fees.

Consolidated net income was $7.0 million, or $0.20 per diluted share, compared with net loss of $6.8 million, or $0.21 per diluted share, in the prior year. Tax benefit in the quarter was $5.4 million compared with a tax benefit of $0.4 million in the prior year.

Consolidated adjusted EBITDA increased to $24.8 million, or 12.7% of consolidated sales, compared with adjusted EBITDA of $7.8 million, or 4.9% of consolidated sales, in the prior-year period primarily as a result of higher sales.

Bookings were $183.3 million in the quarter. For the year, bookings totaled $724.2 million, resulting in a book-to-bill ratio of 1.06:1.

Aerospace Segment Review (refer to sales by market and segment data in accompanying tables)

Aerospace Fourth Quarter 2023 Results (compared with the prior-year period, unless noted otherwise)

Aerospace segment sales increased $30.4 million, or 22.0%, to $168.7 million. The improvement was driven by a 20.8% increase, or $21.3 million, in commercial transport sales. Sales to this market were $124.2 million, or 63.6% of consolidated sales in the quarter, compared with $102.8 million, or 65.0% of consolidated sales in the fourth quarter of 2022. Higher airline spending and increasing OEM build rates drove increased demand.

General Aviation sales increased $5.5 million, or 37.8%, to $20.2 million. Military Aircraft sales increased $4.1 million, or 30.9%, to $17.3 million.

Aerospace segment operating profit of $14.3 million, or 8.5% of sales, compares with operating profit of $5.2 million, or 3.8% of sales, in the same period last year. Operating margin expansion reflects the leverage gained on higher volume. Operating profit in the fourth quarter of 2023 was impacted by $2.7 million in non-cash bonuses compared with no bonuses in the prior-year period.

Aerospace bookings were $172.1 million for a book-to-bill ratio of 1.02:1. Backlog for the Aerospace segment was a record $517.2 million at the end of 2023.

Mr. Gundermann commented, "Our Aerospace business continues to accelerate nicely, with revenue up 22% for the quarter and 31% for the year. Operating margins reflected the top line growth at 8.5% for the quarter and 4.1% for the year, significantly ahead of the comparator numbers for 2022. Demand remains strong with total bookings of $664 million in 2023, against sales of $605 million, for a book-to-bill of 1.10, supporting our expectation of continued growth in 2024."

Test Systems Segment Review (refer to sales by market and segment data in accompanying tables)

Test Systems Fourth Quarter 2023 Results (compared with the prior-year period, unless noted otherwise)

Test Systems segment sales were $26.5 million, up $6.7 million primarily as a result of higher radio test revenue.

Test Systems segment operating loss was $0.2 million, an improvement over operating loss of $4.0 million in the fourth quarter of 2022. The improvement reflects higher sales volume coupled with the benefit of the realignment of staffing in the second quarter of 2023 and a $1.3 million decrease in litigation-related legal expenses. This helped to offset a $0.7 million increase in non-cash bonuses. Test Systems' operating loss continues to be negatively affected by mix and under absorption of fixed costs due to volume. The Test Systems segment has been investing in significant new development programs which are expected to result in more profitable business in the near future.

Bookings for the Test Systems segment in the quarter were $11.2 million, for a book-to-bill ratio of 0.42:1 for the quarter. Backlog was $75.0 million at the end of 2023 compared with backlog of $93.7 million at the end of 2022.

Mr. Gundermann commented, "Our Test business ended the year with revenue of $84.4 million, up 14.5% over 2022. The business made significant progress as the year ended towards securing some significant contracts which are expected to result in a step up in volume as we move through 2024."

Liquidity and Financing

Cash on hand at the end of the quarter was $11.3 million. Capital expenditures in the quarter were $1.6 million. Net debt was $161.2 million.

Cash used by operations was $1.7 million in the fourth quarter of 2023. During the quarter, accounts receivable increased $18.9 million while inventory decreased $10.7 million.

During the quarter, under its at-the-market offering, the Company sold 500,000 shares at an average price of $15.65 per share for net proceeds after offering expenses of $7.6 million.

David Burney, the Company's Chief Financial Officer, said, "Liquidity continued to be tight during the quarter as investment in net working capital remained at elevated levels driven by higher accounts receivable from the strong fourth quarter sales. We made significant improvement in the second half of 2023 managing our inventory, which had grown significantly in the first half of the year. We are forecasting continuing improvement in inventory turnover and are forecasting cash flow from operations to be strong as we advance through 2024."

He continued, "Our business is operating more smoothly and predictably with each passing quarter. As we are improving, we have reinitiated certain compensation and incentive programs that were suspended since the beginning of the pandemic. These programs normally pay out in cash, but are being paid in stock for now due to our cash position. We will revert to cash payments as liquidity allows."

2024 Outlook

The Company expects 2024 revenue to be approximately $760 million to $795 million. The midpoint of this range would be a 13% increase over 2023 sales. Sales in the first quarter are expected to be approximately $170 million to $175 million and are projected to build progressively through the year.

Backlog at the end of the fourth quarter was $592.3 million, of which approximately $526.5 million is expected to ship in 2024. This represents about 68% of expected sales in 2024 at the mid-point of the range.

Planned capital expenditures for 2024 are expected to be in the range of $17 million to $22 million.

Peter Gundermann commented, "We expect 2024 will be another solid year of progress for our Company. First quarter sales are expected to be somewhat lighter than the fourth quarter due to customer schedules, but we expect continued strengthening in our top line throughout the rest of the year. Our guided range suggests another year of strong double-digit growth, and the higher volume will have a positive influence on our margins. We look forward to a year that will finally see us rebounding to the revenue level we were at in 2019 before the pandemic struck."

Fourth Quarter 2023 Webcast and Conference Call

The Company will host a teleconference today at 4:45 p.m. ET. During the teleconference, management will review the financial and operating results for the period and discuss Astronics' corporate strategy and outlook. A question-and-answer session will follow.

The Astronics conference call can be accessed by calling (412) 317-0518. The listen-only audio webcast can be monitored at investors.astronics.com. To listen to the archived call, dial (412) 317-6671 and enter replay pin number 10185538. The telephonic replay will be available from 8:45 p.m. on the day of the call through Wednesday, March 13, 2024. The webcast replay can be accessed via the investor relations section of the Company's website where a transcript will also be posted once available.

About Astronics Corporation

Astronics Corporation (Nasdaq: ATRO) serves the world's aerospace, defense, and other mission-critical industries with proven innovative technology solutions. Astronics works side-by-side with customers, integrating its array of power, connectivity, lighting, structures, interiors, and test technologies to solve complex challenges. For over 50 years, Astronics has delivered creative, customer-focused solutions with exceptional responsiveness. Today, global airframe manufacturers, airlines, military branches, completion centers, and Fortune 500 companies rely on the collaborative spirit and innovation of Astronics. The Company's strategy is to increase its value by developing technologies and capabilities that provide innovative solutions to its targeted markets.

Safe Harbor Statement

This news release contains forward-looking statements as defined by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. One can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of the words "expect," "anticipate," "plan," "may," "will," "estimate" or other similar expressions and include all statements with regard to achieving any revenue or profitability expectations, the rate of recovery of the commercial aerospace widebody/long haul markets, the improvement in the supply chain, the productivity of manufacturing personnel and efficiency of staff, the effectiveness on profitability of cost reduction efforts, the timing of receipt of task orders or future orders, the continued momentum in the business and favorable tailwinds, and the expectations of demand by customers and markets. Because such statements apply to future events, they are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from what may be stated here include the impact of global pandemics and related governmental and other actions taken in response, the trend in growth with passenger power and connectivity on airplanes, the state of the aerospace and defense industries, the market acceptance of newly developed products, internal production capabilities, the timing of orders received, the status of customer certification processes and delivery schedules, the demand for and market acceptance of new or existing aircraft which contain the Company's products, the need for new and advanced test and simulation equipment, customer preferences and relationships, the effectiveness of the Company's supply chain, and other factors which are described in filings by Astronics with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking information in this news release whether to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events or changes in future operating results, financial conditions or prospects, or otherwise.

FINANCIAL TABLES FOLLOW

In the year ended December 31, 2023, $5.8 million was recognized in sales related to the reversal of a deferred revenue liability recorded with a previous acquisition within our Test Systems Segment.

In the year ended December 31, 2023, $3.6 million in non-cash inventory reserves were recorded related to the bankruptcy of a non-core contract manufacturing customer included within the Aerospace segment. In the year ended December 31, 2022, $6.0 million of the Aviation Manufacturing Jobs Protection Program grant was recognized as an offset to cost of products sold.

Selling, general and administrative expense in the year ended December 31, 2023 includes $7.5 million in non-cash accounts receivable reserves related to the bankruptcy of a non-core contract manufacturing customer included within the Aerospace segment. The year ended December 31, 2022 reflects $4.6 million related to the settlement of a litigation claim, a customer accommodation dispute, and a lease termination settlement. In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company was indemnified by other parties for approximately $1.5 million related to the settlement of the litigation claim and record the gain as an offset to SG&A in that period.

Net gain on sale of business for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 is comprised of the additional gain on the sale of the Company's former semiconductor test business resulting from the contingent earnout for the 2022 and 2021 calendar year, respectively.

Other expense (income) for the year ended December 31, 2023 includes income of $1.8 million associated with the reversal of a liability related to an equity investment, as we are no longer required to make the associated payment.

Reconciliation to Non-GAAP Performance Measures

In addition to reporting net income, a U.S. generally accepted accounting principle ("GAAP") measure, we present Adjusted EBITDA (earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, non-cash equity-based compensation expense, goodwill, intangible and long-lived asset impairment charges, equity investment income or loss, legal reserves, settlements and recoveries, restructuring charges, gains or losses associated with the sale of businesses and grant benefits recorded related to the AMJP program), which is a non-GAAP measure. The Company's management believes Adjusted EBITDA is an important measure of operating performance because it allows management, investors and others to evaluate and compare the performance of its core operations from period to period by removing the impact of the capital structure (interest), tangible and intangible asset base (depreciation and amortization), taxes, equity-based compensation expense, goodwill, intangible and long-lived asset impairment charges, equity investment income or loss, non-cash reserves related to customer bankruptcy filings, legal reserves, settlements and recoveries, litigation-related expenses, restructuring charges, gains or losses associated with the sale of businesses and grant benefits recorded related to the AMJP program, which is not commensurate with the core activities of the reporting period in which it is included. As such, the Company uses Adjusted EBITDA as a measure of performance when evaluating its business and as a basis for planning and forecasting. Adjusted EBITDA is not a measure of financial performance under GAAP and is not calculated through the application of GAAP. As such, it should not be considered as a substitute for the GAAP measure of net income and, therefore, should not be used in isolation of, but in conjunction with, the GAAP measure. Adjusted EBITDA, as presented, may produce results that vary from the GAAP measure and may not be comparable to a similarly defined non-GAAP measure used by other companies.

In the year ended December 31, 2023, $5.8 million was recognized in sales related to the reversal of a deferred revenue liability recorded with a previous acquisition within our Test Systems segment, which also benefits operating loss for the period. Absent that benefit, Test Systems operating profit loss was $14.6 million.

Aerospace segment operating profit in the year ended December 31, 2023 includes reserves for $11.1 million in accounts receivable and inventory related to the bankruptcy filing of a non-core contract manufacturing customer classified within the Aerospace segment. In the year ended December 31, 2022, $6.0 million of the Aviation Manufacturing Jobs Protection Program grant was recognized as an offset to the cost of products sold in the Aerospace segment.

Corporate expenses and other for the year ended December 31, 2023 includes income of $1.8 million associated with the reversal of a liability related to an equity investment, as we will no longer be required to make the associated payment.

Test Systems sales in the year ended December 31, 2023 included a $5.8 million reversal of a deferred revenue liability recorded with a previous acquisition.

In the first quarter of 2023, Test Systems and Total sales include the $5.8 million reversal of a deferred revenue liability. The book:bill ratios have been calculated excluding the impact of that transaction.

In November of 2023, a non-core contract manufacturing customer reported within the Aerospace segment declared bankruptcy, and as a result, Aerospace and Total Backlog was reduced by $19.9 million in all periods affected. In the bar chart presented, Aerospace and Total Bookings was reduced by $2.6 million and $17.2 million in second and third quarters of 2021, respectively.

Natera, Inc. (NASDAQ: NTRA), a global leader in cell-free DNA testing, today reported its financial results for the fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2023.

Recent Strategic and Financial Highlights

"We are really pleased with our performance in the quarter and with the continued positive impact we make on patient care," said Steve Chapman, chief executive officer of Natera. "We believe we are in an excellent position to continue this momentum into 2024."

Fourth Quarter and Year Ended December 31, 2023 Financial Results

Total revenues were $311.1 million in the fourth quarter of 2023 compared to $217.3 million in the fourth quarter of 2022, an increase of 43.2%. The increase in total revenues was driven primarily by a 44.3% increase in product revenues, which were $307.3 million in the fourth quarter of 2023 compared to $212.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2022. The increase in product revenues was driven by average selling price improvements as well as an increase in test volumes. Natera processed approximately 626,800 tests in the fourth quarter of 2023, including approximately 610,100 tests accessioned in its laboratory, compared to approximately 559,700 tests processed, including approximately 543,900 tests accessioned in its laboratory, in the fourth quarter of 2022.

In the fourth quarter of 2023, Natera recognized revenue on approximately 619,800 tests for which results were reported to customers in the period (tests reported), including approximately 604,200 tests reported from its laboratory, compared to approximately 519,200 tests reported, including approximately 504,500 tests reported from its laboratory, in the fourth quarter of 2022, an overall increase of 19.4% from the prior period.

Total revenues in 2023 were approximately $1,082.6 million compared to $820.2 million in 2022, which represents an increase of 32.0%. The increase in total revenues was driven primarily by a 34.0% increase in product revenues, which were $1,068.5 million in the full year 2023 compared to $797.3 million in 2022. The increase in product revenues was driven by an increase in test volumes as well as average selling price improvements compared to 2022. For the full year 2023, Natera processed approximately 2,496,100 tests, including approximately 2,426,500 tests accessioned in its laboratory, compared to approximately 2,066,500 tests processed in 2022, including approximately 2,004,000 tests accessioned in its laboratory.

For the full year 2023, Natera recognized revenue on approximately 2,388,200 tests reported, including approximately 2,323,400 tests reported from its laboratory, compared to approximately 1,919,600 tests reported, including approximately 1,861,000 tests reported from its laboratory, in 2022, an overall increase of 24.4%.

Gross profit* for the three months ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 was $159.9 million and $90.0 million, respectively, representing a gross margin of 51.4% and 41.4%, respectively. Gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 was $492.7 million and $364.0 million, respectively, representing a gross margin of 45.5% and 44.4%, respectively. Natera had higher gross margin in the fourth quarter of 2023 and for the full year 2023 primarily as a result of higher revenues and continuous progress in reducing cost of goods sold associated with tests processed. Total operating expenses, representing research and development expenses and selling, general and administrative expenses, for the fourth quarter of 2023 were $244.4 million, compared to $231.7 million in the same period of the prior year, an increase of 5.5%. Total operating expenses for the full year 2023 were $939.0 million, compared to $905.0 million in 2022, an increase of 3.8%. The increases for both periods were primarily driven by headcount growth to support new product offerings.

Loss from operations for the fourth quarter of 2023 was $84.5 million compared to $141.8 million for the same period of the prior year. Loss from operations for the full year 2023 was $446.2 million compared to $541.0 million in 2022.

Natera reported a net loss for the fourth quarter of 2023 of $78.0 million, or ($0.65) per diluted share, compared to a net loss of $142.6 million, or ($1.37) per diluted share, for the same period in 2022. Weighted average shares outstanding were approximately 119.3 million in the fourth quarter of 2023 compared to 104.3 million in the fourth quarter of the prior year. Natera's net loss for the full year 2023 was $434.8 million, or ($3.78) per diluted share, compared to a net loss of $547.8 million, or ($5.57) per diluted share, in 2022. Weighted average shares outstanding were 115.0 million in 2023 compared to 98.4 million in 2022.

At December 31, 2023, Natera held approximately $879.0 million in cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and restricted cash, compared to $898.4 million as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2023, Natera had a total outstanding debt balance of $363.3 million, comprised of $80.4 million including accrued interest under its line of credit with UBS at a variable interest rate of 30-day SOFR plus 50 bps and a net carrying amount of $282.9 million under its seven-year convertible senior notes issued in April 2020. The gross principal balance outstanding for the convertible senior notes was $287.5 million as of December 31, 2023.

Financial Outlook

Natera anticipates 2024 total revenue of $1.32 billion to $1.35 billion; 2024 gross margin to be approximately 50% to 53% of revenues; selling, general and administrative costs to be approximately $630 million to $650 million; research and development costs to be $325 million to $345 million, and net cash consumption to be $50 million to $75 million**.

* Gross profit is calculated as GAAP total revenues less GAAP cost of revenues. Gross margin is calculated as gross profit divided by GAAP total revenues.

** Cash consumption is calculated as the sum of GAAP net cash used by operating activities (estimated for 2024 to be up to $25 million) and GAAP net purchases of property and equipment (estimated for 2024 to be up to $50 million).

About Natera

Natera is a global leader in cell-free DNA testing, dedicated to oncology, women's health, and organ health. We aim to make personalized genetic testing and diagnostics part of the standard of care to protect health and enable earlier, more targeted interventions that help lead to longer, healthier lives. Natera's tests are validated by more than 150 peer-reviewed publications that demonstrate high accuracy. Natera operates ISO 13485-certified and CAP-accredited laboratories certified under the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments (CLIA) in Austin, Texas and San Carlos, California. For more information, visit www.natera.com.

This press release contains forward-looking statements under the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical facts, including the company's financial guidance for fiscal 2024, its market opportunity, anticipated products and launch schedules, reimbursement coverage and product costs, commercial and strategic partnerships and acquisitions, user experience, clinical trials and studies, and its strategies, goals and general business and market conditions, are forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained in this press release are based upon Natera's current plans, estimates, and expectations, as of the date of this release, and are not a representation that such plans, estimates, or expectations will be achieved.

These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially, including: we face numerous uncertainties and challenges in achieving our financial projections and goals; we may be unable to further increase the use and adoption of our products through our direct sales efforts or through our laboratory partners; we have incurred losses since our inception and we anticipate that we will continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future; our quarterly results may fluctuate from period to period; our estimates of market opportunity and forecasts of market growth may prove to be inaccurate; we may be unable to compete successfully with existing or future products or services offered by our competitors; we may engage in acquisitions, dispositions or other strategic transactions that may not achieve our anticipated benefits and could otherwise disrupt our business, cause dilution to our stockholders or reduce our financial resources; we may not be successful in commercializing our cloud-based distribution model; our products may not perform as expected; the results of our clinical studies, including our SNP-based Microdeletion and Aneuploidy Registry, or SMART, Study, may not be compelling to professional societies or payors as supporting the use of our tests, particularly for microdeletions screening, or may not be able to be replicated in later studies required for regulatory approvals or clearances; if either of our primary CLIA-certified laboratories becomes inoperable, we will be unable to perform our tests and our business will be harmed; we rely on a limited number of suppliers or, in some cases, single suppliers, for some of our laboratory instruments and materials and may not be able to find replacements or immediately transition to alternative suppliers; if we are unable to successfully scale our operations, our business could suffer; the marketing, sale, and use of Panorama and our other products could result in substantial damages arising from product liability or professional liability claims that exceed our resources; we may be unable to expand, obtain or maintain third-party payer coverage and reimbursement for our tests, and we may be required to refund reimbursements already received; third-party payers may withdraw coverage or provide lower levels of reimbursement due to changing policies, billing complexities or other factors; if the FDA were to begin actively regulating our tests, we could incur substantial costs and delays associated with trying to obtain premarket clearance or approval and incur costs associated with complying with post-market controls; litigation or other proceedings, resulting from either third party claims of intellectual property infringement or third party infringement of our technology, is costly, time- consuming and could limit our ability to commercialize our products or services; any inability to effectively protect our proprietary technology could harm our competitive position or our brand; and we cannot guarantee that we will be able to service and comply with our outstanding debt obligations or achieve our expectations regarding the conversion of our outstanding convertible notes.

Additional risks and uncertainties that could affect our financial results are included under the captions, "Risk Factors" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our most recent filings on Forms 10-K and 10-Q and in other filings that we make with the SEC from time to time. These documents are available on our website at www.natera.com under the Investor Relations section and on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov.

In light of the significant uncertainties in these forward-looking statements, you should not regard these statements as a representation or warranty by us or any other person that we will achieve our objectives and plans in any specified time frame, or at all. Natera assumes no obligation to, and does not currently intend to, update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this release.

Farmland Partners Inc. (NYSE: FPI) ("FPI" or the "Company") today reported financial results for the year ended December 31, 2023.

Luca Fabbri, President and Chief Executive Officer: "Against a backdrop of uncertainty and poor performance in many real estate sectors, in 2023 farmland has yet again demonstrated its strength and stability thanks to its very different fundamentals. We have been able to renew our expiring leases with an average rent increase of approximately 20%, as a testimony of the strength of the farm economy and our tenant base. Our strategy has been to demonstrate concretely the value embedded in our portfolio, selectively disposing of assets and using proceeds to buy back stock at prices we believe to be significantly below fair value per share, reduce leverage, acquire other farms with better long term value generation potential, and distribute a special dividend to our shareholders. The vast majority of our asset sales, and related gains, occurred on farms outside the core of the Corn Belt region, which is the most valuable part of our farmland portfolio. In 2024 we plan to continue to look for opportunities to selectively prune our portfolio, albeit likely at a smaller scale, and further reduce our overhead expenses."

The Company's Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.06 per share of common stock and Class A Common OP unit. The dividends are payable on April 15, 2024, to stockholders and common unit holders of record on April 1, 2024.

2023 Earnings Guidance and Supplemental Package

For 2024 earnings guidance, please see page 15 of the supplemental package, which can be accessed through the Investor Relations section of the Company's website.

Conference Call Information

The Company has scheduled a conference call on February 29, 2024, at 11:00 a.m. (U.S. Eastern Time) to discuss the financial results and provide a company update.

The call can be accessed live over the phone by dialing 1-888-596-4144 and using the conference ID 9397607. The conference call will also be available via a live listen-only webcast that can be accessed through the Investor Relations section of the Company's website, www.farmlandpartners.com.

A replay of the conference call will be available beginning shortly after the end of the event until March 10, 2024, by dialing 1-800-770-2030 and using the playback ID 9397607. A replay of the webcast will also be accessible on the Investor Relations section of the Company's website for a limited time following the event.

About Farmland Partners Inc.

Farmland Partners Inc. is an internally managed real estate company that owns and seeks to acquire high-quality North American farmland and makes loans to farmers secured by farm real estate. As of December 31, 2023, the Company owns and/or manages approximately 171,100 acres in 16 states, including Arkansas, California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, Nebraska, North Carolina, Oklahoma, South Carolina and Texas. In addition, the Company owns land and buildings for four agriculture equipment dealerships in Ohio leased to Ag Pro under the John Deere brand. The Company has approximately 26 crop types and over 100 tenants. The Company elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust, or REIT, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, commencing with the taxable year ended December 31, 2014. Additional information: www.farmlandpartners.com or (720) 452-3100.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including, without limitation, statements with respect to our outlook and the outlook for the farm economy generally, proposed and pending acquisitions and dispositions, financing activities, crop yields and prices and anticipated rental rates. Forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as "may," "should," "could," "would," "predicts," "potential," "continue," "expects," "anticipates," "future," "intends," "plans," "believes," "estimates" or similar expressions or their negatives, as well as statements in future tense. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, beliefs and expectations, such forward-looking statements are not predictions of future events or guarantees of future performance and our actual results could differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Some factors that might cause such a difference include the following: the on-going war in Ukraine and its impact on the world agriculture market, world food supply, the farm economy, and our tenants' businesses; general volatility of the capital markets and the market price of the Company's common stock; changes in the Company's business strategy, availability, terms and deployment of capital; the Company's ability to refinance existing indebtedness at or prior to maturity on favorable terms, or at all; availability of qualified personnel; changes in the Company's industry, interest rates or the general economy; adverse developments related to crop yields or crop prices; the degree and nature of the Company's competition; the timing, price or amount of repurchases, if any, under the Company's share repurchase program; the ability to consummate acquisitions or dispositions under contract; and the other factors described in the section entitled "Risk Factors" in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the Company's other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Any forward-looking information presented herein is made only as of the date of this press release, and the Company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information to reflect changes in assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events, or otherwise.

Non-GAAP Financial Measures

The Company considers the following non-GAAP measures as useful to investors as key supplemental measures of its performance: FFO, NOI, AFFO, EBITDAre and Adjusted EBITDAre. These non-GAAP financial measures should be considered along with, but not as alternatives to, net income or loss as a measure of the Company's operating performance. FFO, NOI, AFFO, EBITDAre and Adjusted EBITDAre, as calculated by the Company, may not be comparable to other companies that do not define such terms exactly as the Company.

FFO

The Company calculates FFO in accordance with the standards established by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts, or NAREIT. NAREIT defines FFO as net income (loss) (calculated in accordance with GAAP), excluding gains (or losses) from sales of depreciable operating property, real estate related depreciation, depletion and amortization (excluding amortization of deferred financing costs), impairment write-downs of depreciated property, and adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. Management presents FFO as a supplemental performance measure because it believes that FFO is beneficial to investors as a starting point in measuring the Company's operational performance. Specifically, in excluding real estate related depreciation and amortization and gains and losses from sales of depreciable operating properties, which do not relate to or are not indicative of operating performance, FFO provides a performance measure that, when compared year over year, captures trends in occupancy rates, rental rates and operating costs. The Company also believes that, as a widely recognized measure of the performance of REITs, FFO will be used by investors as a basis to compare the Company's operating performance with that of other REITs. However, other equity REITs may not calculate FFO in accordance with the NAREIT definition as the Company does, and, accordingly, the Company's FFO may not be comparable to such other REITs' FFO.

AFFO

The Company calculates AFFO by adjusting FFO to exclude the income and expenses that the Company believes are not reflective of the sustainability of the Company's ongoing operating performance, including, but not limited to, real estate related acquisition and due diligence costs, stock-based compensation and incentive, deferred impact of interest rate swap terminations, and distributions on the Company's preferred units.

Changes in GAAP accounting and reporting rules that were put in effect after the establishment of NAREIT's definition of FFO in 1999 result in the inclusion of a number of items in FFO that do not correlate with the sustainability of the Company's operating performance. Therefore, in addition to FFO, the Company presents AFFO and AFFO per share, fully diluted, both of which are non-GAAP measures. Management considers AFFO a useful supplemental performance metric for investors as it is more indicative of the Company's operational performance than FFO. AFFO is not intended to represent cash flow or liquidity for the period and is only intended to provide an additional measure of the Company's operating performance. Even AFFO, however, does not properly capture the timing of cash receipts, especially in connection with full-year rent payments under lease agreements entered into in connection with newly acquired farms. Management considers AFFO per share, fully diluted to be a supplemental metric to GAAP earnings per share. AFFO per share, fully diluted provides additional insight into how the Company's operating performance could be allocated to potential shares outstanding at a specific point in time. Management believes that AFFO is a widely recognized measure of the operations of REITs and presenting AFFO will enable investors to assess the Company's performance in comparison to other REITs. However, other REITs may use different methodologies for calculating AFFO and AFFO per share, fully diluted and, accordingly, the Company's AFFO and AFFO per share, fully diluted may not always be comparable to AFFO and AFFO per share amounts calculated by other REITs. AFFO and AFFO per share, fully diluted should not be considered as an alternative to net income (loss) or earnings per share (determined in accordance with GAAP) as an indication of financial performance, or as an alternative to net income (loss) earnings per share (determined in accordance with GAAP) as a measure of the Company's liquidity, nor are they indicative of funds available to fund the Company's cash needs, including its ability to make distributions.

EBITDAre and Adjusted EBITDAre

The Company calculates Earnings Before Interest Taxes Depreciation and Amortization for real estate ("EBITDAre") in accordance with the standards established by NAREIT in its September 2017 White Paper. NAREIT defines EBITDAre as net income (calculated in accordance with GAAP) excluding interest expense, income tax, depreciation and amortization, gains or losses on disposition of depreciated property (including gains or losses on change of control), impairment write-downs of depreciated property and of investments in unconsolidated affiliates caused by a decrease in value of depreciated property in the affiliate, and adjustments to reflect the entity's pro rata share of EBITDAre of unconsolidated affiliates. EBITDAre is a key financial measure used to evaluate the Company's operating performance but should not be construed as an alternative to operating income, cash flows from operating activities or net income, in each case as determined in accordance with GAAP. The Company believes that EBITDAre is a useful performance measure commonly reported and will be widely used by analysts and investors in the Company's industry. However, while EBITDAre is a performance measure widely used across the Company's industry, the Company does not believe that it correctly captures the Company's business operating performance because it includes non-cash expenses and recurring adjustments that are necessary to better understand the Company's business operating performance. Therefore, in addition to EBITDAre, management uses Adjusted EBITDAre, a non-GAAP measure.

The Company calculates Adjusted EBITDAre by adjusting EBITDAre for certain items such as stock-based compensation and incentive and real estate related acquisition and due diligence costs that the Company considers necessary to understand its operating performance. The Company believes that Adjusted EBITDAre provides useful supplemental information to investors regarding the Company's ongoing operating performance that, when considered with net income and EBITDAre, is beneficial to an investor's understanding of the Company's operating performance. However, EBITDAre and Adjusted EBITDAre have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of the Company's results as reported under GAAP.

In prior periods, the Company has presented EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA. In accordance with NAREIT's recommendation, beginning with the Company's reported results for the three months ended March 31, 2018, the Company is reporting EBITDAre and Adjusted EBITDAre in place of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA.

Net Operating Income (NOI)

The Company calculates net operating income (NOI) as total operating revenues (rental income, tenant reimbursements, crop sales and other revenue), less property operating expenses (direct property expenses and real estate taxes), less cost of goods sold. Since net operating income excludes general and administrative expenses, interest expense, depreciation and amortization, acquisition-related expenses, other income and losses and extraordinary items, it provides a performance measure that, when compared year over year, reflects the revenues and expenses directly associated with owning and leasing farmland real estate, providing a perspective not immediately apparent from net income. However, net operating income should not be viewed as an alternative measure of the Company's financial performance since it does not reflect general and administrative expenses, interest expense, depreciation and amortization costs, other income and losses.

Butterfly Network, Inc. (NYSE: BFLY) ("Butterfly" or the "Company"), an innovative digital health company transforming care through a unique combination of portable, semiconductor-based ultrasound technology, intuitive software, services and educational offerings that can make medical imaging more accessible than ever before, today announced financial results for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2023, and provided a business update.

Joseph DeVivo, Butterfly's Chairman and CEO said, "2023 was a transition year for Butterfly as we delivered on our initiatives and focused on rightsizing our business by resizing our cost base, refocusing our product and growth strategy, and investing in our go-to-market channels. The team's hard work in executing our plan has laid a solid foundation for Butterfly to grow on in 2024 and onwards."

DeVivo continued, "Throughout 2023, and more recently, we invested in and launched the products and applications that will propel our growth initiatives. Ahead of schedule in early 2024, we received Food and Drug Administration clearance on, and subsequently launched, our third-generation point-of-care ultrasound system, Butterfly iQ3. Powered by our most advanced semiconductor chip, the iQ3 has an unparalleled image quality and advanced 3D capabilities that now rival competitors' offerings - all in a more easily accessible format and significantly lower price point."

"Advances in our technology continue to attract exciting partnerships that further expands our Butterfly Garden and Powered by Butterfly ecosystems. This growing network, coupled with our own advances in ultrasound AI, and our recent launch of a new educational app ScanLab, will help drive adoption, to fuel near-term growth. On the international front, we look forward to strengthening our offerings in Europe, while we enter the Asian market with iQ+."

"We are excited about what 2024 has in store for Butterfly and are confident in our growth prospects. I look forward to sharing more about our growth initiatives, include home and wearables, at our upcoming Investor Day at the New York Stock Exchange."

Revenue: Total revenue was $16.5 million, down from $19.0 million in the fourth quarter of 2022. U.S. revenue was $10.9 million, down 3% from prior year, driven by lower probe sales but partially offset by higher subscription revenue and higher average selling prices. International sales declined 24% year-over-year to $4.6 million due to several large orders from distributors that occurred in 2022 and did not repeat in 2023.

Gross profit: Gross loss was $12.5 million versus gross profit of $9.6 million in the prior year period, and adjusted gross profit was $9.4 million versus $10.3 million in the prior year period. Total gross margin decreased to negative 75.9% from 50.3% in the prior year period, and adjusted gross margin increased to 56.6% from 54.5% in the prior year period. The decrease in total gross margin is primarily due to a $21.9 million write-down of excess and obsolete inventory that was recognized during the quarter, which is excluded from adjusted gross profit and adjusted gross margin. The increase in adjusted gross margin was primarily due to a higher average selling price, in addition to product mix, reflecting a higher proportion of subscription revenues. Also contributing to the increased margin was higher manufacturing productivity and other efficiencies. Offsetting these benefits was higher amortization which reduced margin by approximately 240 basis points.

Operating expenses: Operating expenses were $34.2 million, down 42% from $58.6 million in the prior year period, due to previously announced reductions in force, as well as non-payroll spend rationalization across all areas.

Total operating expenses excluding stock-based compensation and Other expense were $27.3 million, compared to $39.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2022, representing a decrease of 32%.

Net loss: Net loss was $44.1 million, compared to $33.7 million in the prior year period.

Adjusted EBITDA: Adjusted EBITDA loss was $15.7 million, compared to $27.7 million in the prior year period.

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash: Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash were $138.7 million as of December 31, 2023.

A reconciliation of net loss to adjusted EBITDA and Gross Margin to Adjusted Gross Margin for the three months and years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022 is provided in the financial schedules that are part of this press release. An explanation of these non-GAAP financial measures is also included below under the heading "Non-GAAP Financial Measures."

Conference Call

A conference call and webcast to discuss the fourth quarter and full year 2023 financial results and operational progress is scheduled for 5:00 pm ET, February 28, 2024. The conference call will be broadcast live in listen-only mode via a webcast on Butterfly's Investor Relations website at Events & Presentations. Individuals interested in listening to the conference call on their telephone may do so by dialing in approximately ten minutes prior to start time:

Separately, Butterfly will host an Investor Day event on Monday, March 18, 2024 at the New York Stock Exchange beginning at 12:00 pm ET. Members of Butterfly's management team will deliver a corporate presentation and along with customers and partners, demonstrate the newly launched next generation ultrasound technology, including its latest features and functionality. Also joining Butterfly will be key partners who will detail co-developed products. Additional details to follow.

About Butterfly Network

Founded by Dr. Jonathan Rothberg in 2011, Butterfly Network is a digital health company with a mission is to democratize medical imaging by making high-quality ultrasound affordable, easy-to-use, globally accessible, and intelligently connected, including for the 4.7 billion people around the world lacking access to ultrasound. Butterfly created the world's first handheld single-probe, whole-body ultrasound system using semiconductor technology, Butterfly iQ. The company has continued to innovate, leveraging the benefits of Moore's Law, to launch its second generation Butterfly iQ+ in 2020, and third generation iQ3 in 2024 - each with increased processing power and performance enhancements. The disruptive technology has been recognized by TIME's Best Inventions, Fast Company's World Changing Ideas, CNBC Disruptor 50, and MedTech Breakthrough Awards, among other accolades. With its proprietary Ultrasound-on-Chip technology, intelligent software, and educational offerings, Butterfly is paving the way to mass adoption of ultrasound for earlier detection and remote management of health conditions around the world. Butterfly devices are commercially available to trained healthcare practitioners in areas including, but not limited to, parts of Africa, Asia, Australia, Europe, the Middle East, North America and South America; to learn more about available countries, visit: https://www.butterflynetwork.com/choose-your-country.

Non-GAAP Financial Measures

In addition to providing financial measures based on generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ("GAAP"), we provide additional financial measures that are not prepared in accordance with GAAP ("non-GAAP"). The non-GAAP financial measures included in this press release are adjusted gross profit, adjusted gross margin, and adjusted EBITDA. We present non-GAAP financial measures in order to assist readers of our financial statements in understanding the core operating results that our management uses to evaluate the business and for financial planning purposes. Our non-GAAP financial measures provide an additional tool for investors to use in comparing our financial performance over multiple periods.

Adjusted gross profit, adjusted gross margin, and adjusted EBITDA are key performance measures that our management uses to assess our operating performance. These non-GAAP measures facilitate internal comparisons of our operating performance on a more consistent basis. We use these performance measures for business planning purposes and forecasting. We believe that adjusted gross profit, adjusted gross margin, and adjusted EBITDA enhance an investor's understanding of our financial performance as they are useful in assessing our operating performance from period-to-period by excluding certain items that we believe are not representative of our core business.

Adjusted gross profit, adjusted gross margin, and adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies because they may not calculate these measures in the same manner. Adjusted gross profit, adjusted gross margin, and adjusted EBITDA are not prepared in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered in isolation of, or as an alternative to, measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. When evaluating the Company's performance, you should consider adjusted gross profit, adjusted gross margin, and adjusted EBITDA alongside other financial performance measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, including gross profit and loss, gross margin, and net loss.

The non-GAAP financial measures do not replace the presentation of our GAAP financial results and should only be used as a supplement to, not as a substitute for, our financial results presented in accordance with GAAP. In this press release, we have provided reconciliations of adjusted gross profit to gross profit and loss, adjusted gross margin to gross margin, and adjusted EBITDA to net loss, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of adjusted gross profit, adjusted gross margin, and adjusted EBITDA to corresponding GAAP measures are not available on a forward-looking basis because we are unable to predict with reasonable certainty the non-cash component of employee compensation expense, changes in our working capital needs, variances in our supply chain, the impact of earnings or charges resulting from matters we consider not to be reflective, on a recurring basis, of our ongoing operations, and other such items without unreasonable effort. These items are uncertain, depend on various factors, and could be material to our results computed in accordance with GAAP. Management strongly encourages investors to review our financial statements and publicly filed reports in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial measure.

Forward Looking Statements

This press release includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the "safe harbor" provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our actual results may differ from our expectations, estimates, and projections and, consequently, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Words such as "expect," "estimate," "project," "budget," "forecast," "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "may," "will," "could," "should," "believe," "predict," "potential," "continue," and similar expressions (or the negative versions of such words or expressions) are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, our expectations with respect to financial results, future performance, commercialization and plans to deploy our products and services, development of products and services, and the size and potential growth of current or future markets for our products and services. Forward-looking statements are based on our current beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to us. These forward-looking statements involve significant known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Most of these factors are outside our control and are difficult to predict. Factors that may cause such differences include, but are not limited to: our ability to grow and manage growth effectively; the success, cost, and timing of our product and service development activities; the potential attributes and benefits of our products and services; the degree to which our products and services are accepted by healthcare practitioners and patients for their approved uses; our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval for our products, and any related restrictions and limitations of any approved product; our ability to identify, in-license, or acquire additional technology; our ability to maintain our existing license, manufacturing, supply, and distribution agreements; our ability to compete with other companies currently marketing or engaged in the development of products and services that we are currently marketing or developing; changes in applicable laws or regulations; the size and growth potential of the markets for our products and services, and our ability to serve those markets, either alone or in partnership with others; the pricing of our products and services, and reimbursement for medical procedures conducted using our products and services; our estimates regarding expenses, revenue, capital requirements, and needs for additional financing; our financial performance; our ability to raise financing in the future; and other risks and uncertainties indicated from time to time in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, as amended, or in subsequent filings that we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We caution that the foregoing list of factors is not exclusive. We caution you not to place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this press release. We do not undertake or accept any obligation or undertake to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any change in our expectations or any change in events, conditions, or circumstances on which any such statement is based.

FY24 TCV sales growth of Evergreen//One and Evergreen//Flex offerings exceeding 100%

Q4 RPO growing 31% year-over-year

SANTA CLARA, Calif., Feb. 28, 2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Today Pure Storage (NYSE: PSTG), the IT pioneer that delivers the world's most advanced data storage technology and services, announced financial results for its fiscal fourth quarter and full year 2024 ended February 4, 2024.

"Our data platform strategy is revolutionizing the storage industry. It helps enterprises and service providers unify fragmented data environments into a seamless, modern, and efficient system -- a system performance-ready for artificial intelligence," said Charles Giancarlo, Chairman and CEO, Pure Storage. "And this can all be done now with Flash reliability, performance and economics, even at hard disk system price levels."

Fourth Quarter and Full Year Financial Highlights

"We closed FY24 delivering strong RPO growth, and exceeded our revenue and operating margin guidance in Q4," said Kevan Krysler, Chief Financial Officer, Pure Storage. "Looking to FY25, we expect double-digit revenue growth and strong growth of RPO, fueled by our highly differentiated data storage platform, and strength of our Evergreen and Portworx consumption and subscription offerings."

Q1 and FY25 revenue and revenue growth rates are reflective of continuing outperformance and increased momentum in Evergreen//One Storage-as-a-Service.

These statements are forward-looking and actual results may differ materially. Refer to the Forward Looking Statements section below for information on the factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from these statements. Pure has not reconciled its guidance for non-GAAP operating income and non-GAAP operating margin to their most directly comparable GAAP measures because certain items that impact these measures are not within Pure's control and/or cannot be reasonably predicted. Accordingly, reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures guidance to the corresponding GAAP measures are not available without unreasonable effort.

Share Repurchase Authorization

Pure's audit committee has approved incremental share repurchases of up to an additional $250 million under its stock repurchase program, in addition to the $145 million remaining under the existing program authorization. The authorization allows Pure to repurchase shares of its Class A common stock opportunistically and will be funded from available working capital. Repurchases may be made at management's discretion from time to time on the open market through privately negotiated transactions, transactions structured through investment banking institutions, block purchase techniques, 10b5-1 trading plans, or a combination of the foregoing. The repurchase program does not have an expiration date, does not obligate Pure to acquire any of its common stock, and may be suspended or discontinued by the company at any time without prior notice.

Conference Call Information

Pure will host a teleconference to discuss the fiscal fourth quarter and full year 2024 results at 2:00 pm PT today, February 28, 2024. A live audio broadcast of the conference call will be available on the Pure Storage Investor Relations website. Pure will also post its earnings presentation and prepared remarks to this website concurrent with this release.

A replay will be available following the call on the Pure Storage Investor Relations website or for two weeks at 1-800-770-2030 (or 1-647-362-9199 for international callers) with passcode 5667482.

Additionally, Pure is scheduled to participate at the following investor conferences:

The presentations will be webcast live and archived on Pure's Investor Relations website at investor.purestorage.com.

About Pure Storage

Pure Storage (NYSE: PSTG) uncomplicates data storage, forever. Pure delivers a cloud experience that empowers every organization to get the most from their data while reducing the complexity and expense of managing the infrastructure behind it. Pure's commitment to providing true storage as-a-service gives customers the agility to meet changing data needs at speed and scale, whether they are deploying traditional workloads, modern applications, containers, or more. Pure believes it can make a significant impact in reducing data center emissions worldwide through its environmental sustainability efforts, including designing products and solutions that enable customers to reduce their carbon and energy footprint. And with the highest Net Promoter Score in the industry, Pure's ever-expanding list of customers are among the happiest in the world. For more information, visit www.purestorage.com.

Analyst Recognition

Leader in the 2023 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Primary Storage

Leader in the 2023 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Distributed File Systems & Object Storage

Connect with Pure

Blog

LinkedIn

Twitter

Facebook

Pure Storage, the Pure P Logo, Portworx, and the marks on the Pure Trademark List at www.purestorage.com/legal/productenduserinfo.html are trademarks of Pure Storage, Inc. Other names are trademarks of their respective owners.

Forward Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements regarding our products, business and operations, including but not limited to our views relating to future period financial and business results, demand for our products and subscription services, including Evergreen//One, our technology and product strategy, specifically customer priorities around sustainability, the benefits to our customers of using our products, our ability to perform during current macro conditions and expand market share, our sustainability goals and benefits, the timing and magnitude of large orders, the impact of inflation, economic or supply chain disruptions, our expectations regarding our product and technology differentiation, including the E//Family, new customer acquisition, the continued success of the Portworx technology, and other statements regarding our products, business, operations and results. Forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties and are based on potentially inaccurate assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected or implied by the forward-looking statements.

Actual results may differ materially from the results predicted, and reported results should not be considered as an indication of future performance. The potential risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from the results predicted include, among others, those risks and uncertainties included under the caption "Risk Factors" and elsewhere in our filings and reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, which are available on our Investor Relations website at investor.purestorage.com and on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. Additional information is also set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended February 5, 2023. All information provided in this release and in the attachments is as of February 28, 2024, and Pure undertakes no duty to update this information unless required by law.

Key Performance Metrics

Subscription ARR is a key business metric that refers to total annualized contract value of all active subscription agreements on the last day of the quarter, plus on-demand revenue for the quarter multiplied by four.

Total Contract Value (TCV) Sales, or bookings, of Pure's Evergreen//One and Evergreen//Flex offerings is an operating metric, representing the value of orders received and/or expected to be received during the fiscal year.

Non-GAAP Financial Measures

To supplement our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, which are prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP, Pure uses the following non-GAAP financial measures: non-GAAP gross profit, non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP operating income (loss), non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP net income (loss), non-GAAP net income (loss) per share, and free cash flow.

We use these non-GAAP financial measures for financial and operational decision-making and as a means to evaluate period-to-period comparisons. Our management believes that these non-GAAP financial measures provide meaningful supplemental information regarding our performance and liquidity by excluding certain expenses and expenditures such as stock-based compensation expense, payments to former shareholders of acquired companies, payroll tax expense related to stock-based activities, amortization of debt issuance costs related to debt, amortization of intangible assets acquired from acquisitions, acquisition-related transaction and integration expenses, restructuring costs related to severance and termination benefits, and costs associated with the impairment and early exit of certain leased facilities that may not be indicative of our ongoing core business operating results. Pure believes that both management and investors benefit from referring to these non-GAAP financial measures in assessing our performance and when analyzing historical performance and liquidity and planning, forecasting, and analyzing future periods. The presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for our financial results prepared in accordance with GAAP, and our non-GAAP measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies.

For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP measures, please see the tables captioned "Reconciliations of non-GAAP results of operations to the nearest comparable GAAP measures" and "Reconciliation from net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow," included at the end of this release.

Reconciliations of non-GAAP results of operations to the nearest comparable GAAP measures

The following table presents non-GAAP gross margins by revenue source before certain items (in thousands except percentages, unaudited):

The following table presents non-GAAP gross margins by revenue source before certain items (in thousands except percentages, unaudited):

The following table presents certain non-GAAP consolidated results before certain items (in thousands, except per share amounts and percentages, unaudited):

The following table presents certain non-GAAP consolidated results before certain items (in thousands, except per share amounts and percentages, unaudited):

Reconciliation from net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow (in thousands except percentages, unaudited):

View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pure-storage-announces-fiscal-fourth-quarter-and-full-year-2024-financial-results-302074647.html

Pinnacle West Capital Corp. (NYSE: PNW) ("Pinnacle West") announced today that it is commencing a registered public offering of $650 million of its common stock in connection with the forward sale agreements described below, subject to market and other conditions.

Pinnacle West intends to grant the underwriters the option to purchase up to an additional $97.5 million of its common stock. If such option is exercised, Pinnacle West may, in its sole discretion, enter into additional forward sale agreements with the forward purchasers in respect of, in the aggregate, the number of additional shares of Pinnacle West's common stock that are subject to the exercise of such option, and Pinnacle West currently anticipates that, if such option is exercised, it will do so.

Barclays, Citigroup, Mizuho and Wells Fargo Securities are acting as joint book-running managers for this offering. The underwriters may offer shares of Pinnacle West's common stock in transactions on the New York Stock Exchange, in the over-the-counter market, through negotiated transactions or otherwise at market prices prevailing at the time of sale, at prices related to prevailing market prices or at negotiated prices.

In connection with the offering, Pinnacle West intends to enter into separate forward sale agreements with Mizuho Markets Americas LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (or their respective affiliates), referred to in such capacity as the forward purchasers, pursuant to which Pinnacle West will agree to sell shares of its common stock to the forward purchasers at an initial forward sale price per share equal to the price per share at which the underwriters purchase the shares in the offering, subject to certain adjustments. In connection with the forward sale agreements, the forward purchasers or their respective affiliates, acting as forward sellers, expect to borrow from third parties an aggregate of approximately $650 million of Pinnacle West's common stock. Such borrowed shares of Pinnacle West's common stock will be delivered by the forward sellers for sale to the underwriters in the offering. Settlement of each forward sale agreement is expected to occur no later than September 4, 2025. Although Pinnacle West expects to settle each forward sale agreement entirely by the full physical delivery of shares of its common stock in exchange for cash proceeds, Pinnacle West may, subject to certain conditions, elect cash settlement or net share settlement for all or a portion of its rights or obligations under the forward sale agreements.

Pinnacle West will not initially receive any proceeds from the sale of shares of its common stock by the forward sellers or their affiliates to the underwriters. If Pinnacle West elects physical settlement of the forward sale agreements, it expects to use any net proceeds received for investment in its principal subsidiary Arizona Public Service Company to fund capital expenditures and general corporate purposes.

This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities, in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. The offering of these securities may be made only by means of a prospectus supplement and accompanying base prospectus relating to this offering.

The public offering is being made pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement that has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). A preliminary prospectus supplement related to the offering will be filed with the SEC and will be available on the SEC's website. In addition, copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement and accompanying base prospectus relating to the shares of common stock being offered may be obtained by contacting: Barclays Capital Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717, telephone: 1-888-603-5847 or by emailing barclaysprospectus@broadridge.com; Citigroup, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717, telephone: 1-800-831-9146; Mizuho Securities USA LLC, ATTN: Equity Capital Markets, 1271 Avenue of the Americas, 3rd Floor, New York, New York 10020, telephone: 1-212-205-7600 or by emailing US-ECM@mizuhogroup.com; Wells Fargo Securities, 90 South 7th Street, 5th Floor, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55402, telephone: 1-800-645-3751 or by emailing WFScustomerservice@wellsfargo.com; or by accessing the SEC's website at www.sec.gov.

General Information

Pinnacle West Capital Corp., an energy holding company based in Phoenix, has consolidated assets of nearly $25 billion, about 6,500 megawatts of generating capacity and approximately 6,100 employees in Arizona and New Mexico. Through its principal subsidiary, Arizona Public Service, the company provides retail electricity service to approximately 1.4 million Arizona homes and businesses.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This press release contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations. These forward-looking statements are often identified by words such as "estimate," "predict," "may," "believe," "plan," "expect," "require," "intend," "assume," "project," "anticipate," "goal," "seek," "strategy," "likely," "should," "will," "could," and similar words. Because actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution readers not to place undue reliance on these statements. A number of factors could cause future results to differ materially from historical results, or from outcomes currently expected or sought by Pinnacle West or Arizona Public Service ("APS"). These factors include, but are not limited to, the factors discussed in the most recent Pinnacle West/APS Form 10-K and 10-Q along with other public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which readers should review carefully before placing any reliance on our financial statements or disclosures. Neither Pinnacle West nor APS assumes any obligation to update these statements, even if our internal estimates change, except as required by law.

Glancy Prongay & Murray LLP ("GPM"), a leading national shareholder rights law firm, continues its investigation on behalf of Thoughtworks Holding, Inc. ("Thoughtworks" or the "Company") (NASDAQ: TWKS) investors concerning the Company's possible violations of the federal securities laws.

If you suffered a loss on your Thoughtworks investments or would like to inquire about potentially pursuing claims to recover your loss under the federal securities laws, you can submit your contact information at www.glancylaw.com/cases/Thoughtworks-Holding-Inc/. You can also contact Charles H. Linehan, of GPM at 310-201-9150, Toll-Free at 888-773-9224, or via email at shareholders@glancylaw.com to learn more about your rights.

On February 12, 2024, Thoughtworks disclosed that previously issued financial statements for the second and third quarters of 2023 "should no longer be relied upon due to an inaccurate presentation of the change in cash flows ascribed to operating activities in the condensed consolidated statement of cash flows." The Company further disclosed that the affected financial statements would need to be restated.

On this news, Thoughtworks' stock price fell $0.27, or 6.1%, to close at $4.14 per share on February 13, 2024, thereby injuring investors.

Then, on February 27, 2024, Thoughtworks released its fourth quarter and full year 2023 financial results, reporting an 18% year-over-year decline in revenue, net loss margins of 8.9%, compared to 5.2% a year prior, a decrease in adjusted EBITDA, a diluted loss per share of $0.07, and a 14.3% year-over-year decrease in bookings. The Company blamed the miss on "internal factors."

On this news, Thoughtworks' stock price fell $1.33, or 28.9%, to close at $3.28 per share on February 27, 2024, thereby injuring investors further.

Follow us for updates on LinkedIn, Twitter, or Facebook.

Whistleblower Notice: Persons with non-public information regarding Thoughtworks should consider their options to aid the investigation or take advantage of the SEC Whistleblower Program. Under the program, whistleblowers who provide original information may receive rewards totaling up to 30 percent of any successful recovery made by the SEC. For more information, call Charles H. Linehan at 310-201-9150 or 888-773-9224 or email shareholders@glancylaw.com.

About GPM

Glancy Prongay & Murray LLP is a premier law firm representing investors and consumers in securities litigation and other complex class action litigation. ISS Securities Class Action Services has consistently ranked GPM in its annual SCAS Top 50 Report. In 2018, GPM was ranked a top five law firm in number of securities class action settlements, and a top six law firm for total dollar size of settlements. With four offices across the country, GPM's nearly 40 attorneys have won groundbreaking rulings and recovered billions of dollars for investors and consumers in securities, antitrust, consumer, and employment class actions. GPM's lawyers have handled cases covering a wide spectrum of corporate misconduct including cases involving financial restatements, internal control weaknesses, earnings management, fraudulent earnings guidance and forward-looking statements, auditor misconduct, insider trading, violations of FDA regulations, actions resulting in FDA and DOJ investigations, and many other forms of corporate misconduct. GPM's attorneys have worked on securities cases relating to nearly all industries and sectors in the financial markets, including energy, consumer discretionary, consumer staples, real estate and REITs, financial, insurance, information technology, health care, biotech, cryptocurrency, medical devices, and many more. GPM's past successes have been widely covered by leading news and industry publications such as The Wall Street Journal, The Financial Times, Bloomberg Businessweek, Reuters, the Associated Press, Barron's, Investor's Business Daily, Forbes, and Money.

This press release may be considered Attorney Advertising in some jurisdictions under the applicable law and ethical rules.

ANDOVER, Mass., Feb. 28, 2024 /PRNewswire/ -- TransMedics Group, Inc. ("TransMedics") (Nasdaq: TMDX), a medical technology company that is transforming organ transplant therapy for patients with end-stage lung, heart, and liver failure, today announced that on February 23, 2024, TransMedics granted non-qualified stock options to purchase an aggregate of 3,815 shares of its common stock and an aggregate of 2,479 restricted stock units to 5 employees, each as a material inducement for each employee's entry into employment with TransMedics. The grants were approved by the Compensation Committee of the TransMedics Board of Directors and were granted in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c)(4) and pursuant to the TransMedics Group, Inc. Inducement Plan.

TransMedics granted non-qualified stock options to purchase 3,815 shares of TransMedics' common stock and 2,479 restricted stock units in the aggregate. The stock options were granted with a per share exercise price of $83.14, the closing price of the common stock on the Nasdaq Global Market on February 23, 2024. Twenty-five percent of the shares subject to each option will vest on the first yearly anniversary of the date of the employee's start of employment, with the remainder vesting in equal monthly installments over the subsequent three year period, subject to the employee's continued service with the Company through the applicable vesting date. The options have a 10-year term and are subject to the terms of the TransMedics Group, Inc. Inducement Plan. Twenty-five percent of each restricted stock unit award will vest on the first four anniversaries of the date of the employee's start of employment, subject to the employee's continued service with the Company through the applicable vesting date. The restricted stock units are subject to the terms of the TransMedics Group, Inc. Inducement Plan.

About TransMedics Group, Inc.

TransMedics is the world's leader in portable extracorporeal warm perfusion and assessment of donor organs for transplantation. Headquartered in Andover, Massachusetts, the company was founded to address the unmet need for more and better organs for transplantation and has developed technologies to preserve organ quality, assess organ viability prior to transplant, and potentially increase the utilization of donor organs for the treatment of end-stage heart, lung, and liver failure.

Investor Contact:

Brian Johnston

332-895-3222

Investors@transmedics.com

The First Bancshares, Inc. (NASDAQ: FBMS) ("First Bancshares" or the "Company"), the holding company for The First Bank, announced today that the Company's board of directors has approved a new share repurchase program for the 2024 calendar year.

Under the program, the Company may, but is not required to, from time to time repurchase up to $50 million of shares of its common stock in any manner determined appropriate by the Company's management. The actual timing and method of any purchases, the target number of shares and the maximum price (or range of prices) under the program, will be determined by management at its discretion and will depend on a number of factors, including the market price of the Company's common stock, general market and economic conditions, and applicable legal and regulatory requirements. The new share repurchase program has an expiration date of December 31, 2024, and is effectively a renewal of the Company's 2024 share repurchase program.

About The First Bancshares, Inc.

The First Bancshares, Inc., headquartered in Hattiesburg, Mississippi, is the parent company of The First Bank. Founded in 1996, the First has operations in Mississippi, Louisiana, Alabama, Florida and Georgia. The Company's stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol FBMS. Additional information is available on the Company's website: www.thefirstbank.com.

Forward-Looking Statements

This news release and certain of our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission contain statements that constitute "forward looking statements" within the meaning of, and subject to the protections of, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. Such statements can generally be identified by such words as "believes," "anticipates," "expects," "may," "will," "assumes," "should," "predicts," "could," "would," "intends," "targets," "estimates," "projects," "plans," "potential," "positioned" and other similar words and expressions of the future or otherwise regarding the outlook for the Company's future business and financial performance and/or the performance of the banking industry and economy in general. Prospective investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve known and unknown risk and uncertainties which may cause the actual results, performance, or achievements of the Company to be materially different from the future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based on the information known to, and current beliefs and expectations of, the Company's management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such differences include, but are not limited to: (1) competitive pressures among financial institutions increasing significantly; (2) prevailing, or changes in, economic or political conditions, either nationally or locally, particularly in areas in which the Company conducts operations, including the effects of declines in the real estate market, high unemployment rates, inflationary pressure, elevated interest rates and slowdowns in economic growth, as well as the financial stress on borrowers as a result of the foregoing; (3) interest rate risk, including the effects of rising interest rates; (4) developments in our mortgage banking business, including loan modifications, general demand, and the effects of judicial or regulatory requirements or guidance; (5) changes in applicable laws, rules, or regulations; (6) risks related to the Company's recently completed acquisitions, including that the anticipated benefits from the recently completed acquisitions are not realized in the time frame anticipated or at all as a result of changes in general economic and market conditions or other unexpected factors or events; (7) changes in management's plans for the future; (8) credit risk associated with our lending activities; (9) changes in loan demand, real estate values, or competition; (10) changes in accounting principles, policies, or guidelines; (11) adverse results from current or future litigation, regulatory examinations or other legal and/or regulatory actions, including as a result of the Company's participation in and execution of government programs related to the COVID-19 pandemic and related variants; (12) higher inflation and its impacts; (13) significant turbulence or disruption in the capital or financial markets and the effect of a fall in stock market prices on our investment securities; (14) potential impacts of the adverse developments in the banking industry highlighted by high-profile bank failures, including impacts on customer confidence, deposit outflows, liquidity and the regulatory response thereto; (15) the effects of war or other conflicts including the impacts relating to or resulting from Russia's military action in Ukraine or the conflict in Israel and surrounding areas, and (16) other general competitive, economic, political, and market factors, including those affecting our business, operations, pricing, products, or services.

These and other factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, as well as a discussion of the risks and uncertainties that may affect our business, can be found in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and in other filings we make with the SEC, which are available on the SEC's website, http://www.sec.gov. Undue reliance should not be placed on forward-looking statements. The Company disclaims any obligation to update such factors or to publicly announce the results of any revisions to any of the forward-looking statements included herein to reflect future events or developments.

Law Offices of Howard G. Smith announces an investigation on behalf of Calumet Specialty Products Partners, L.P. ("Calumet" or the "Company") (NASDAQ: CLMT) investors concerning the Company's possible violations of federal securities laws.

On February 23, 2024, Calumet released its fourth quarter and full year 2023 financial results and disclosed that its financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and the quarters ended March 31, 2023, June 30, 2023, and September 30, 2023 should no longer be relied upon due to "an error in the presentation of net income."

On this news, Calumet's stock price fell $0.61, or 3.5%, to close at $16.60 per share on February 23, 2024, thereby injuring investors.

If you purchased Calumet securities, have information or would like to learn more about these claims, or have any questions concerning this announcement or your rights or interests with respect to these matters, please contact Howard G. Smith, Esquire, of Law Offices of Howard G. Smith, 3070 Bristol Pike, Suite 112, Bensalem, Pennsylvania 19020 by telephone at (215) 638-4847, toll-free at (888) 638-4847, or by email to howardsmith@howardsmithlaw.com, or visit our website at www.howardsmithlaw.com.

This press release may be considered Attorney Advertising in some jurisdictions under the applicable law and ethical rules.

CONSHOHOCKEN, Pa., Feb. 28, 2024 /PRNewswire/ -- The Board of Directors of Quaker Houghton (NYSE: KWR) today declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.455 per share, payable on April 30, 2024, to shareholders of record at the close of business on April 16, 2024. In addition, the Board of Directors has approved a new share repurchase program authorizing the Company to repurchase up to an aggregate of $150 million of its common stock. The Company has terminated its prior 2015 share repurchase program.

Andy Tometich, Chief Executive Officer and President, commented, "We are excited by the long-term growth opportunities for Quaker Houghton and are committed to enhancing value for our shareholders. Our balanced capital allocation strategy remains, and we will maintain a disciplined approach to capital deployment with a priority towards our dividend and growth investments."

The Company is authorized to repurchase shares of common stock from time to time through various methods, including in open market transactions, block trades, accelerated share repurchases, privately negotiated transactions, derivative transactions or otherwise, certain of which may be made pursuant to a trading plan meeting the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, in compliance with applicable state and federal securities laws. The timing, as well as the number and value of shares repurchased under the program, will be determined by the Company at its discretion and will depend on a variety of factors, including our assessment of the intrinsic value of the Company's common stock, the market price of the Company's common stock, general market and economic conditions, available liquidity, compliance with the Company's debt and other agreements, applicable legal requirements, the nature of other investment opportunities available to the Company, and other considerations. The Company is not obligated to purchase any shares under the repurchase program, and the program may be suspended, modified, or discontinued at any time without prior notice. The Company expects to fund the repurchases by using cash on hand and expected free cash flow to be generated in the future.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains "forward-looking statements" that fall under the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. These statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. We have based these forward-looking statements on assumptions, projections and expectations about future events that we believe are reasonable based on currently available information,, including statements regarding the potential effects of the conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East; inflation and global supply chain constraints on the Company's business, results of operations, and financial condition; our expectation that we will maintain sufficient liquidity and remain in compliance with the terms of the Company's credit facility; expectations about future demand and raw material costs; and statements regarding the impact of increased raw material costs and pricing initiatives. These forward-looking statements include statements with respect to our beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, expectations, anticipations, intentions, financial condition, results of operations, future performance, and business, which may differ materially from our actual results, including but not limited to the potential benefits of acquisitions and divestitures, the impacts on our business as a result of global supply chain constraints, and our current and future results and plans and statements that include the words "may," "could," "should," "would," "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "intend," "outlook, "target", "possible", "potential", "plan" or similar expressions. A major risk is that demand for the Company's products and services is largely derived from the demand for its customers' products, which subjects the Company to uncertainties related to downturns in a customer's business and unanticipated customer production slowdowns and shutdowns, including as is currently being experienced by many automotive industry companies as a result of supply chain disruptions. Other major risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to inflationary pressures, including the potential for continued significant increases in raw material costs; supply chain disruptions; customer financial instability; rising interest rates and the possibility of economic recession; economic and political disruptions, including the impacts of the military conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and between Israel and Hamas; tariffs, trade restrictions, and the economic and other sanctions imposed by other nations on Russia and/or other government organizations; suspensions of activities in Russia by many multinational companies and the potential expansion of military activity; foreign currency fluctuations; significant changes in applicable tax rates and regulations; future terrorist attacks and other acts of violence; the impacts of consolidation in our industry, including loss or consolidation of a major customer; and the potential occurrence of cyber-security breaches, cyber-security attacks and other security incidents. Furthermore, the Company is subject to the same business cycles as those experienced by our customers in the steel, automobile, aircraft, industrial equipment, aluminum and durable goods industries. Our forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions about the Company and its operations that are subject to change based on various important factors, some of which are beyond our control. These risks, uncertainties, and possible inaccurate assumptions relevant to our business could cause our actual results to differ materially from expected and historical results. All forward-looking statements included in this press release, including expectations about business conditions during 2023 and future periods, are based upon information available to the Company as of the date of this press release, which may change. Therefore, we caution you not to place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. For more information regarding these risks and uncertainties as well as certain additional risks that we face, refer to the Risk Factors section, which appears in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, and in subsequent reports filed from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We do not intend to, and we disclaim any duty or obligation to, update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect new information or future events or for any other reason. This discussion is provided as permitted by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.

About Quaker Houghton

Quaker Houghton is the global leader in industrial process fluids. With a presence around the world, including operations in over 25 countries, our customers include thousands of the world's most advanced and specialized steel, aluminum, automotive, aerospace, offshore, container, mining, and metalworking companies. Our high-performing, innovative and sustainable solutions are backed by best-in-class technology, deep process knowledge and customized services. With approximately 4,600 employees, including chemists, engineers and industry experts, we partner with our customers to improve their operations so they can run even more efficiently, even more effectively, whatever comes next. Quaker Houghton is headquartered in Conshohocken, Pennsylvania, located near Philadelphia in the United States. Visit quakerhoughton.com to learn more.

View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/quaker-houghton-announces-quarterly-dividend-and-150-million-stock-repurchase-authorization-302074757.html

NEW YORK Feb 28 (Reuters) - A global equities index fell slightly on Wednesday while Treasury yields edged down and the dollar rose against a basket of currencies as investors were wary the day before U.S. inflation data that could influence Federal Reserve policy.

January's U.S. personal consumption expenditures price index (PCE), the Fed's preferred inflation measure, is due on Thursday. Economists polled by Reuters poll expect the index to have risen 0.3% on a monthly basis after a 0.2% increase in December.

Traders already have dialed back expectations for Fed interest rate cuts after a slew of strong data, including hot consumer price index (CPI) and producer price index (PPI) readings. They expect an easing cycle to kick off in June, compared with the start of 2024 when bets were on March.

"We're on hold until we get the PCE print. The market's going to chop around," said Jack Janasiewicz, portfolio manager and lead portfolio strategist at Natixis Investment Managers Solutions. "Between CPI and PPI there's a narrative that inflation is going to be stickier than expected or even potentially having a modest re-acceleration."

Janasiewicz noted that U.S. stock indexes remained not far from records reached last week, partly thanks to a better-than-expected fourth-quarter earnings season including a boost from Nvidia on optimism about artificial intelligence.

"The market's had every chance to sell off but it's holding up pretty well," Janasiewicz said. "It's actually been looking past inflation to an extent because earnings has been better than expected."

Other data this week that may shape expectations on Fed policy include a second estimate of gross domestic product, jobless claims and manufacturing activity.

MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe shed 0.33%.

On Wall Street the Dow Jones Industrial Average finished down 23.39 points, or 0.06%, at 38,949.02.

The S&P 500 dropped 8.42 points, or 0.17%, to 5,069.76 while the Nasdaq Composite closed down 87.56 points, or 0.55%, at 15,947.74.

European stocks dipped as lackluster corporate earnings weighed on sentiment with the pan-European STOXX 600 index closing down 0.35%.

In currencies, the dollar jumped against the euro and yen on Wednesday as investors positioned for U.S. and European inflation data due on Thursday, with month-end portfolio rebalancing also likely to sway market direction.

The dollar index, which measures the greenback against a basket of major currencies, rose 0.1% to 103.94.

The euro was down 0.08% at $1.0835. Against the Japanese yen, the dollar strengthened 0.12% at 150.69.

U.S. Treasuries yields slid across the board with yields on benchmark U.S. 10-year notes falling 4.7 basis points to 4.268%, from 4.315% late on Tuesday, while the 30-year bond yield fell 3.5 basis points to 4.4047% from 4.44%. The 2-year note yield, which typically moves in step with interest rate expectations, fell 6.6 basis points to 4.6457%, from 4.712%.

In crypto currencies, bitcoin surged for a fifth day, buoyed by flows into new U.S. spot bitcoin exchange traded products that have driven it up nearly 40% in February, which would mark its largest monthly rally since December 2020.

It rose 5.96% at $60,111.00, after hitting its highest level since November 2021.

Gold prices ticked up as traders strapped in for economic data and comments from U.S. central bank officials.

Spot gold added 0.18% to $2,033.37 an ounce.

In commodities, U.S. crude oil settled down while Brent barely gained as traders worried the Fed would be slow to cut rates. Growing U.S. crude stockpiles added pressure.

U.S. crude settled down 0.42% at $78.54 per barrel while Brent finished at $83.68, up 0.04% on the day. (Reporting by Tom Wilson in London and Ankur Banerjee in Singapore; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman, Jamie Freed, Tomasz Janowski, Nick Macfie, Aurora Ellis, Will Dunham and David Gregorio)

TaskUs, Inc. (Nasdaq: TASK), a leading provider of outsourced digital services and next-generation customer experience to the world's most innovative companies, today announced its results for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2023.

"Despite a challenging macroeconomic backdrop, we finished 2023 strong, delivering both revenue and Adjusted EBITDA that were well ahead of our guidance. We further diversified our client base and expanded our business in new areas like healthcare and banking and financial services while maintaining our leadership serving fast-growing technology companies," said Co-Founder and CEO, Bryce Maddock. "We also accelerated our investments in sales, marketing, and technology, including embedding Generative AI applications like AssistAI into our core client offerings. As we look to 2024, we are encouraged by the opportunities we won in Q1. Our number one goal is to return to consistent year-over-year revenue growth, and we expect to achieve this in the back half of 2024."

Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Financial and Frontline Highlights

"In 2023 our disciplined cost efficiency program delivered strong adjusted EBITDA margins of 23.9% and Free Cash Flow, excluding earn out payments, of $131 million. Given the strength of our balance sheet, we are increasing our investments in sales and marketing to drive growth and have ample capacity to take action on any investment opportunities that meet our criteria," said Chief Financial Officer, Balaji Sekar.

TaskUs senior management will host a conference call today to discuss the Company's fourth quarter and full year 2023 financial results and financial outlook. This call is scheduled to begin at 5:00 pm ET. Analysts and investors who wish to participate in the call can register by visiting https://register.vevent.com/register/BIfd551ae0cd5a4093919a893579a3b808. To listen to a live audio webcast, please visit TaskUs' Investor Relations website at IR.Taskus.com. A replay of the audio webcast will be available on the same website for 12 months following the call. At the time of the conference call and webcast, the Company will post a slide presentation and other materials available on its website.

About TaskUs

TaskUs is a leading provider of outsourced digital services and next-generation customer experience to the world's most innovative companies, helping its clients represent, protect and grow their brands. Leveraging a cloud-based infrastructure, TaskUs serves clients in the fastest-growing sectors, including social media, e-commerce, gaming, streaming media, food delivery and ride-sharing, Technology, FinTech and HealthTech. As of December 31, 2023, TaskUs had a worldwide headcount of approximately 48,200 people across 28 locations in 12 countries, including the United States, the Philippines and India.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts, and further include, without limitation, statements reflecting our current views with respect to, among other things, our operations, our financial performance, our industry, the impact of the macroeconomic environment on our business, and other non-historical statements including the statements in the "First Quarter and Full Year 2024 Outlook" section of this press release. In some cases, you can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as "outlook," "believes," "expects," "potential," "continues," "may," "will," "should," "could," "seeks," "predicts," "intends," "trends," "plans," "estimates," "anticipates," "position us" or the negative version of these words or other comparable words. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, there are or will be important factors that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. These factors include but are not limited to: the dependence of our business on key clients; the risk of loss of business or non-payment from clients; our failure to cost-effectively acquire new clients; the risk that we may provide inadequate service or cause disruptions in our clients' businesses or fail to comply with the quality standards required by our clients under our agreements; utilization of artificial intelligence by our clients or our failure to incorporate artificial intelligence into our operations; our inability to anticipate clients' needs by adapting to market and technology trends; unauthorized or improper disclosure of personal or other sensitive information, or securities breaches and incidents; negative publicity or liability or difficulty recruiting and retaining employees; our failure to detect and deter criminal or fraudulent activities or other misconduct by our employees or third parties; global economic and political conditions, especially in the social media and meal delivery and transport industries from which we generate significant revenue; the dependence of our business on our international operations, particularly in the Philippines and India; our failure to comply with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations; fluctuations against the U.S. dollar in the local currencies in the countries in which we operate; our inability to maintain and enhance our brand; competitive pricing pressure; our dependence on senior management and key employees; increases in employee expenses and changes to labor laws; failure to attract, hire, train and retain a sufficient number of skilled employees to support operations; our inability to effectively expand our operations into countries or industries in which we have no prior operating experience and in which we may be subject to increased business, economic and regulatory risks; reliance on owned and third-party technology and computer systems; failure to maintain asset utilization levels, price appropriately and control costs; the control of affiliates of Blackstone Inc. and our Co-Founders over us; and the dual class structure of our common stock. Additional risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those described under "Risk Factors" in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on March 6, 2023, as such factors may be updated from time to time in our filings with the SEC, including the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, which is expected to be filed no later than March 15, 2024, which are or will be accessible on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. These factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in the Company's SEC filings. TaskUs undertakes no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as required by law.

Non-GAAP Measures

TaskUs supplements results reported in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"), with non-GAAP financial measures, such as Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Net Income Margin, Adjusted EPS, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA Margin, Free Cash Flow, Free Cash Flow (excluding payment for earn-out consideration), Conversion of Adjusted EBITDA, and Conversion of Adjusted EBITDA (excluding payment for earn-out consideration). Management believes these measures help illustrate underlying trends in TaskUs' business and uses the measures to establish budgets and operational goals, communicate internally and externally, and manage TaskUs' business and evaluate its performance. Management also believes these measures help investors compare TaskUs' operating performance with its results in prior periods. TaskUs anticipates that it will continue to report both GAAP and certain non-GAAP financial measures in its financial results, including non-GAAP results that exclude the impact of certain costs, losses and gains that are required to be included in our profit and loss measures under GAAP. Because TaskUs' reported non-GAAP financial measures are not calculated in accordance with GAAP, these measures are not comparable to GAAP and may not be comparable to similarly described non-GAAP measures reported by other companies within TaskUs' industry. Consequently, TaskUs' non-GAAP financial measures should not be evaluated in isolation or supplant comparable GAAP measures, but rather, should be considered together with the information in TaskUs' consolidated financial statements, which are prepared in accordance with GAAP. Definitions of non-GAAP financial measures and the reconciliations to the most directly comparable measures in accordance with GAAP are provided in subsequent sections of this press release narrative and supplemental schedules.

EBITDA is a non-GAAP profitability measure that represents net income or loss for the period before the impact of the benefit from or provision for income taxes, financing expenses, depreciation, and amortization of intangible assets. EBITDA eliminates potential differences in performance caused by variations in capital structures (affecting financing expenses), tax positions (such as the availability of net operating losses against which to relieve taxable profits), the cost and age of tangible assets (affecting relative depreciation expense) and the extent to which intangible assets are identifiable (affecting relative amortization expense).

Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP profitability measure that represents EBITDA before certain items that are considered to hinder comparison of the performance of our business on a period-over-period basis or with other businesses. During the periods presented, we excluded from Adjusted EBITDA transaction costs, earn-out consideration, the effect of foreign currency gains and losses, gains and losses on disposals of assets, non-recurring severance costs, stock-based compensation expense and associated employer payroll tax and interest income, which include costs that are required to be expensed in accordance with GAAP. Our management believes that the inclusion of supplementary adjustments to EBITDA applied in presenting Adjusted EBITDA are appropriate to provide additional information to investors about certain material non-cash items and about unusual items that we do not expect to continue at the same level in the future.

Adjusted EBITDA Margin represents Adjusted EBITDA divided by service revenue.

Adjusted Net Income

Adjusted Net Income is a non-GAAP profitability measure that represents net income or loss for the period before the impact of amortization of intangible assets and certain items that are considered to hinder comparison of the performance of our business on a period-over-period basis or with other businesses. During the periods presented, we excluded from Adjusted Net Income amortization of intangible assets, transaction costs, earn-out consideration, the effect of foreign currency gains and losses, gains and losses on disposals of assets, non-recurring severance costs, stock-based compensation expense and associated employer payroll tax and the related effect on income taxes of certain pre-tax adjustments, which include costs that are required to be expensed in accordance with GAAP. Our management believes that the inclusion of supplementary adjustments to net income applied in presenting Adjusted Net Income are appropriate to provide additional information to investors about certain material non-cash items and about unusual items that we do not expect to continue at the same level in the future.

Adjusted Net Income Margin represents Adjusted Net Income divided by service revenue.

Adjusted EPS

Adjusted EPS is a non-GAAP profitability measure that represents earnings available to shareholders excluding the impact of certain items that are considered to hinder comparison of the performance of our business on a period-over-period basis or with other businesses. Adjusted EPS is calculated as Adjusted Net Income divided by our diluted weighted-average number of shares outstanding. Our management believes that the inclusion of supplementary adjustments to earnings per share applied in presenting Adjusted EPS are appropriate to provide additional information to investors about certain material non-cash items and about unusual items that we do not expect to continue at the same level in the future.

Free Cash Flow

Free Cash Flow is a non-GAAP liquidity measure that represents our ability to generate additional cash from our business operations. Free Cash Flow is calculated as net cash provided by operating activities in the period minus cash used for purchase of property and equipment in the period. Our management believes that the inclusion of this non-GAAP measure, when considered with our GAAP results, provides management and investors with an additional understanding of our ability to generate additional cash for ongoing business operations and other capital deployment.

Free Cash Flow (excluding payment for earn-out consideration) is a non-GAAP liquidity measure that represents Free Cash Flow before the payment of earn-out consideration which would hinder comparison of the performance of our business on a period-over-period basis or with other businesses. Our management believes that the inclusion of this supplementary adjustment to Free Cash Flow is appropriate to provide additional information to investors about this unusual item that we do not expect to continue at the same level in the future.

Conversion of Adjusted EBITDA represents Free Cash Flow divided by Adjusted EBITDA. Conversion of Adjusted EBITDA (excluding payment for earn-out consideration) represents Free Cash Flow (excluding payment for earn-out consideration) divided by Adjusted EBITDA.

The company has completed its first quarter with full operation of all four ships. Revenue in the fourth quarter was MNOK 249. Due to late clarification on the delivery of the last two ships, the revenue side is somewhat lower than if the pre-sale had started earlier.

The last quarter of 2023 ended with an average fleet occupancy of 60%, an average cabin rate (ACR) of NOK 3,100 and a utilization rate of 1.8 per cabin.

Occupancy and average price per cabin are higher than the fourth quarter of 2022, but are somewhat lower than the third quarter due to lower demand in the autumn and winter months. EBITDA was negative by MNOK 33.2 in the fourth quarter and MNOK 179 for the full year.

Operating costs amounted to MNOK 283 in the fourth quarter and are mainly ordinary operating costs for operating four ships. Some of the operating costs are related to the number of passengers, while the largest cost items are not significantly affected by occupancy.

MNOK 18 relates to extraordinary marketing costs to secure the pre-sale of the last two ships for the last quarter of 2023 and the first quarter of 2024.

LNG costs have also been somewhat higher in the period due to additional costs for securing prices in the market. Profit and loss and balance sheet are significantly affected by fluctuations in exchange rates, especially the value of the Norwegian krone against the euro since ship financing is in euros.

The fleet's operational uptime was 99.2% for the fourth quarter and 99.5% for the year as a whole. The company's target of less than 75g food waste per guest day was achieved for both the fourth quarter (60g) and the year as a whole (54g).

The company looks forward to 2024, which will be the company's first year with all four ships in operation. Interest in Havila Kystruten is steadily increasing both domestically and internationally, and the company is receiving positive feedback on the product and concept. Based on a good trend in booking figures, of which 65% are sold for the first quarter and over 55% for 2024 in total, an average occupancy of just under 80% is expected for 2024.

In February 2024, the company secured a refinancing of a loan maturity of MEUR 50 in October 2024 by raising corresponding financing from Havila Holding AS, which runs until after the maturity of MEUR 255 in July 2026. A credit facility of MNOK 200 has also been made available, which gives the company financial flexibility to handle seasonal liquidity fluctuations.

Results for the fourth quarter of 2023

* Revenue totaled MNOK 249, of which MNOK 82 was revenue from the Ministry of Transport and Communications.

* Operating costs consisted of MNOK 38 in cost of goods sold, MNOK 86 in salary costs, and MNOK 159 in other operating costs.

* Revenue totaled MNOK 764, of which MNOK 216 was revenue from the Ministry of Transport and Communications.

* Operating costs consisted of MNOK 106 in cost of goods sold, MNOK 282 in salary costs, and MNOK 556 in other operating costs. LNG, port costs, and sales and marketing are the largest cost items within other operating costs, but costs for legal advisors are also significant until August.

* Net financial items were MNOK - 546, of which MNOK 35 is unrealized exchange rate loss on financing.

* Total fixed assets were MNOK 4,337, of which ships accounted for MNOK 4,274, intangible assets accounted for MNOK 38, right-of-use of leased equipment accounted for MNOK 20 and operating equipment accounted for MNOK 5.

* Current assets were MNOK 425, of which cash and cash equivalents accounted for MNOK 150, of which MNOK 10 are restricted funds for tax deductions.

* Net cash flow from operating activities was MNOK -566. Cash flow from investing activities was MNOK -682. Net cash flow from financing activities was MNOK 1,095.

* The carrying amount of long-term debt was MNOK 3,124. Of the ship financing, MNOK 582 was short-term as of December 31, 2023. An agreement has now been made for refinancing so that the debt will again be long-term upon completion.

* Total current liabilities were MNOK 1,161, of which the main items are trade payables, debt to credit institutions as mentioned above and advances from customers.

Employees

Havila Kystruten had a total of 481 permanent employees as of December 31, 2023, of which 438 were seafarers and 43 were in administration.

Tutor Perini Corporation (the "Company") (NYSE: TPC), a leading civil, building and specialty construction company, reported results today for the fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2023 (see attached tables). Revenue for 2023 was $3.9 billion, up slightly compared to 2022, primarily due to a lower amount of net unfavorable impacts from settlements, litigation results and other project charges in 2023 as compared to 2022. Revenue for the Civil and Building segments grew 9% and 5% in 2023, respectively, driven in part by increased project execution activities on certain projects in California, New York, and the Asia-Pacific region, including Guam. The growth in these segments was mostly offset by a 15% revenue decline for the Specialty Contractors segment in 2023 due to reduced project execution activities on the electrical and mechanical components of a completed transportation project in the Northeast.

Loss from construction operations for 2023 was $114.6 million compared to $204.8 million for 2022. The reduced loss was due to a lower amount of net unfavorable impacts in 2023 as compared to 2022 that resulted primarily from more favorable expedited settlement activities and relatively better litigation outcomes in 2023. Net loss attributable to the Company for 2023 was $171.2 million, or a $3.30 diluted loss per share, compared to net loss attributable to the Company of $210.0 million, or a $4.09 diluted loss per share, for 2022.

The Company generated a record $308.5 million of net cash provided by operating activities in 2023 compared to the previous record of $207.0 million in 2022. Operating cash flow in these two years was higher than in any other year since the merger between Tutor-Saliba Corporation and Perini Corporation in 2008. The significant increase in 2023, as compared to 2022, was primarily driven by improved collection activity, including collections associated with the continued resolution of certain claims and unapproved change orders that previously required the use of cash. The Company reduced its costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings by $234 million, or 17%, in 2023, and expects a further significant reduction in 2024, as the majority of the remaining disputed matters are expected to be resolved by the end of the year.

Backlog as of December 31, 2023 was $10.2 billion, up 28% compared to $7.9 billion as of December 31, 2022. New awards and contract adjustments in 2023 totaled $6.1 billion and the largest awards included the $2.95 billion Brooklyn Jail project in New York; $788 million of additional funding for certain mass-transit projects in California; $287 million of additional funding for two large health care projects in California; a $222 million military facilities project at Tinian International Airport in the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands; and $127 million of additional funding for a mass-transit project in Minnesota.

"We delivered a second consecutive year of record operating cash flow and grew our backlog substantially in 2023," remarked Ronald Tutor, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. "We also made continued progress in resolving many outstanding disputes and reducing our unbilled receivables, and continue to believe that we will resolve the majority of our remaining disputed matters by the end of 2024. We anticipate double-digit revenue growth and a return to positive earnings in 2024, with substantially stronger earnings expected in 2025 and 2026. We also expect continued solid operating cash flow over the next several years and look forward to capturing our share of the tremendous pipeline of opportunities we see ahead."

Outlook and Guidance

The Company continues to experience high demand for its services, supported by substantial funding in place at the state and local levels, as well as the $1.2 trillion Bipartisan Infrastructure Law that was passed in 2021 at the federal level. The Company anticipates continued significant backlog growth in 2024 and 2025, as it is currently tracking and expects to capture its share of more than $75 billion of new project opportunities over the next three to four years, of which more than $32 billion are expected in 2024 and 2025.

Based on its assessment of the current market and business outlook, the Company anticipates double-digit revenue growth in 2024 and a return to positive earnings, with substantially stronger earnings expected in 2025 and 2026. The Company is establishing its initial EPS guidance for 2024 at a range of $0.85 to $1.10. As in prior years, earnings in 2024 are expected to be weighted more heavily in the second half of the year due to the anticipated timing of large project activities, as well as typical business seasonality. The Company expects continued strong operating cash generation in 2024 and 2025, well in excess of net income for each year, as a result of continuing robust cash collections, both from project execution activities and the anticipated resolution of the majority of the remaining legacy disputed matters.

The Company is working to refinance its Senior Notes due in 2025 and anticipates that it will complete a refinancing transaction by the end of April 2024. On February 23, 2024, the Company further paid down its Term Loan B by approximately $91 million (a payment that was required to be made by the first week of April 2024), reducing the Term Loan balance to $276.1 million from its original $425 million. After this paydown, the Company still has significant cash available, which is anticipated to be used for further debt reduction in conjunction with the expected refinancing. The Company may consider a broader refinancing that could extend the maturities for all of its debt, should market conditions provide such opportunity.

Fourth Quarter 2023 Conference Call

The Company will host a conference call at 2:00 PM Pacific Time on Wednesday, February 28, 2024, to discuss the fourth quarter and full year 2023 results. To participate in the conference call, please dial 877-407-8293 five to ten minutes prior to the scheduled time. International callers should dial +1-201-689-8349.

The conference call will be webcast live over the Internet and can be accessed by all interested parties on Tutor Perini's website at www.tutorperini.com. For those unable to participate during the live call, the webcast will be available for replay shortly after the call on the website.

About Tutor Perini Corporation

Tutor Perini Corporation is a leading civil, building and specialty construction company offering diversified general contracting and design-build services to private customers and public agencies throughout the world. We have provided construction services since 1894 and have established a strong reputation within our markets by executing large, complex projects on time and within budget, while adhering to strict quality control measures. We offer general contracting, pre-construction planning and comprehensive project management services, including planning and scheduling of manpower, equipment, materials and subcontractors required for a project. We also offer self-performed construction services including site work, concrete forming and placement, steel erection, electrical, mechanical, plumbing and heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC).

Forward-Looking Statements

The statements contained in this release, including those set forth in the section "Outlook and Guidance," that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including without limitation, statements regarding the Company's expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future and statements regarding future guidance or estimates and non-historical performance. These forward-looking statements are based on the Company's current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on the Company. While the Company's expectations, beliefs and projections are expressed in good faith and the Company believes there is a reasonable basis for them, there can be no assurance that future developments affecting the Company will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond the control of the Company) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: unfavorable outcomes of existing or future litigation or dispute resolution proceedings against us or customers (project owners, developers, general contractors, etc.), subcontractors or suppliers, as well as failure to promptly recover significant working capital invested in projects subject to such matters; revisions of estimates of contract risks, revenue or costs, economic factors such as inflation, the timing of new awards, or the pace of project execution, which has resulted and may continue to result in losses or lower than anticipated profit; increased competition and failure to secure new contracts; contract requirements to perform extra work beyond the initial project scope, which has and in the future could result in disputes or claims and adversely affect our working capital, profits and cash flows; risks and other uncertainties associated with estimates and assumptions used to prepare our financial statements; a significant slowdown or decline in economic conditions, such as those presented during a recession; failure to meet contractual schedule requirements, which could result in higher costs and reduced profits or, in some cases, exposure to financial liability for liquidated damages and/or damages to customers, as well as damage to our reputation; inability to attract and retain our key officers, and to adequately plan for their succession, and hire and retain personnel required to execute and perform on our contracts; possible systems and information technology interruptions and breaches in data security and/or privacy; risks related to our international operations, such as uncertainty of U.S. government funding, as well as economic, political, regulatory and other risks, including risks of loss due to acts of war, labor conditions, and other unforeseeable events in countries where we do business, which could adversely affect our revenue and earnings; decreases in the level of government spending for infrastructure and other public projects; the impact of inclement weather conditions and other events outside our control on projects; client cancellations of, or reductions in scope under, contracts reported in our backlog; risks related to government contracts and related procurement regulations; failure of our joint venture partners to perform their venture obligations, which could impose additional financial and performance obligations on us, resulting in reduced profits or losses and/or reputational harm; violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws; public health crises, such as COVID-19, have adversely impacted, and could in the future adversely impact, our business, financial condition and results of operations by, among other things, delaying the timing of project bids and/or awards and the timing of dispute resolutions and associated collections; physical and regulatory risks related to climate change; impairment of our goodwill or other indefinite-lived intangible assets; our ability to refinance our 2017 Senior Notes, including the timing and terms of a refinancing process, is subject to market and other conditions and may not be successful or may be completed on terms less favorable to the Company than currently anticipated; an inability to obtain bonding could have a negative impact on our operations and results; failure to meet our obligations under our debt agreements (especially in a high interest rate environment), including the spring-forward maturity of our Term Loan B and/or Revolver on certain dates in 2025 if any of the 2017 Senior Notes remain outstanding as of such dates; downgrades in our credit ratings; the exertion of influence over the Company by our chairman and chief executive officer due to his position and significant ownership interest; significant fluctuations in the market price of our common stock, which could result in substantial losses for stockholders and potentially subject us to securities litigation; and other risks and uncertainties discussed under the heading "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed on February 28, 2024 and in other reports that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.

Kinetik Holdings Inc. (NYSE: KNTK) ("Kinetik" or the "Company") today reported financial results for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2023.

For the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2023, Kinetik processed natural gas volumes of 1.54 Bcf/d and 1.45 Bcf/d, respectively, and reported net income including non-controlling interest of $267.4 million and $386.5 million, respectively. Kinetik generated Adjusted EBITDA of $228.0 million and $838.8 million for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2023, respectively, Distributable Cash Flow of $149.7 million and $568.5 million for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2023, respectively, and Free Cash Flow of $76.9 million and $59.9 million for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2023, respectively.

"2023 was a critical year for Kinetik as we executed upon highly strategic organic growth projects, key to our long-term vision," said Jamie Welch, President and Chief Executive Officer. "We reported record volume growth each successive quarter, and exit-to-exit processed gas volumes grew by 22%. Our initiatives throughout 2023 have positioned us well for future growth with existing customers and market share capture in the Northern Delaware Basin. We have meaningfully increased our gas treating capabilities at our processing complexes and placed into service Delaware Link, the PHP expansion, and the gathering system expansion into Lea County, New Mexico. Today, we stand competitively advantaged with available processing capacity and a fully integrated 'wellhead to Gulf Coast market' natural gas transportation solution."

"We reported full year 2023 Adjusted EBITDA of $838.8 million, at the middle of the revised guidance we provided in November and above the midpoint of the original guidance range issued in February 2023. Capital Expenditures in 2023 were $531.2 million, within our guidance range. Our operations team did a fantastic job with operated capital spend coming in 5% below internal estimates for full year 2023, which helped offset a portion of the non-operated PHP expansion cost increases. With the completion of our 2023 growth projects, our capital program and Free Cash Flow outlook look markedly different, representing an approximately $450 million increase in Free Cash Flow year-on-year."

2024 Guidance and Outlook

Kinetik estimates full year 2024 Adjusted EBITDA between $905 million and $960 million. The midpoint of the 2024 Guidance implies Adjusted EBITDA growth of over 11% year-over-year.

Guidance assumptions include:

The Company estimates 2024 Capital Expenditures to be between $125 million and $165 million. This includes approximately $35 million of maintenance capital which is elevated for this year.

Welch added, "2024 will be an important year along the journey to achieve our financial targets. We have strengthened the composition of our cash flows with increased contributions from our Pipeline Transportation segment and MVC fee-based revenue. The Pipeline Transportation segment is expected to contribute 40% of total 2024 Adjusted EBITDA, a nearly 15% increase in two years. Our 2024 Capital Expenditures guidance is below our previously communicated expectations as we focus on a reduced capital program given the completion of last year's growth projects. We expect a significant increase in Free Cash Flow this year, despite the dividend being paid in cash to all shareholders."

Kinetik plans to participate at the following upcoming conferences and events:

Investor Presentation

An updated investor presentation will be available under Events and Presentations in the Investors section of the Company's website at www.kinetik.com.

Conference Call and Webcast

Kinetik will host its fourth quarter 2023 results conference call on Thursday, February 29, 2024 at 8:00 am Central Standard Time (9:00 am Eastern Standard Time) to discuss fourth quarter results. To access a live webcast of the conference call, please visit the Investor Relations section of Kinetik's website at www.ir.kinetik.com. A replay of the conference call also will be available on the website following the call.

About Kinetik Holdings Inc.

Kinetik is a fully integrated, pure-play, Permian-to-Gulf Coast midstream C-corporation operating in the Delaware Basin. Kinetik is headquartered in Midland, Texas and has a significant presence in Houston, Texas. Kinetik provides comprehensive gathering, transportation, compression, processing and treating services for companies that produce natural gas, natural gas liquids, crude oil and water. Kinetik posts announcements, operational updates, investor information and press releases on its website, www.kinetik.com.

Forward-looking statements

This news release includes certain statements that may constitute "forward-looking statements" for purposes of the federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions. The words "anticipate," "believe," "continue," "could," "estimate," "expect," "intends," "may," "might," "plan," "seeks," "possible," "potential," "predict," "project," "prospects," "guidance," "outlook," "should," "would," "will," and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements about the Company's future business strategy and other plans, expectations, and objectives for the Company's operations, including statements about strategy, synergies, sustainability goals and initiatives, portfolio monetization opportunities, expansion projects and future operations, and financial guidance; the Company's share repurchase program and the projected timing, purchase price and number of shares purchased under such program, if at all; projected dividend amounts and the timing thereof and the Company's leverage and financial profile. While forward-looking statements are based on assumptions and analyses made by us that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, whether actual results and developments will meet our expectations and predictions depend on a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause our actual results, performance, and financial condition to differ materially from our expectations. See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 to be filed with the SEC. Any forward-looking statement made by us in this news release speaks only as of the date on which it is made. Factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement whether as a result of new information, future development, or otherwise, except as may be required by law.

Additional information

Additional information follows, including a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA, Distributable Cash Flow, Free Cash Flow, and Net Debt (non-GAAP financial measures) to the GAAP measures.

Non-GAAP financial measures

Kinetik's financial information includes information prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) as well as non-GAAP financial information. It is management's intent to provide non-GAAP financial information to enhance understanding of our consolidated financial information as prepared in accordance with GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA, Distributable Cash Flow, Free Cash Flow, Dividend Coverage Ratio, Net Debt and Leverage Ratio are non-GAAP measures. This non-GAAP information should be considered by the reader in addition to, but not instead of, the financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP and reconciliations from these results should be carefully evaluated. See "Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures" elsewhere in this news release. This news release also includes certain forward-looking non-GAAP financial information. Reconciliations of these forward-looking non-GAAP measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measure are not available without unreasonable efforts. This is due to the inherent difficulty of forecasting the timing or amount of various reconciling items that would impact the most directly comparable forward-looking GAAP financial measure, that have not yet occurred, are out of Kinetik's control and/or cannot be reasonably predicted. Accordingly, such reconciliation is excluded from this new release. Forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures provided without the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures may vary materially from the corresponding GAAP financial measures.

Notes Regarding Presentation of Financial Information

The following addresses the results of our operations for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2023, as compared to our results of operations for the same periods in 2022. As the business combination between BCP Raptor Holdco, LP, Kinetik's predecessor for accounting purposes ("BCP") and Altus Midstream LP ("Altus") (the "Transaction") was determined to be a reverse merger, BCP was considered the accounting acquirer and Altus was considered the legal acquirer. Therefore, BCP's net assets, carrying at historical value, were presented as the predecessor to the Company's historical financial statements and the comparable period presented herein reflects the results of operations of BCP for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and Altus' results of operations from February 22, 2022, the closing date of the Transaction, through December 31, 2022. Kinetik's financial results on and after February 22, 2022 reflect the results of the combined company.

Unless otherwise noted or the context requires otherwise, references herein to Kinetik Holdings Inc. or "the Company" with respect to time periods prior to February 22, 2022 include BCP and its consolidated subsidiaries and do not include Altus and its consolidated subsidiaries, while references herein to Kinetik Holdings Inc. with respect to time periods from and after February 22, 2022 include Altus and its consolidated subsidiaries.

The Company completed a two-for-one Stock Split on June 8, 2022. All corresponding per-share and share amounts for periods prior to June 8, 2022 have been retroactively restated to reflect the two-for-one Stock Split.

View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240228510256/en/

CHICAGO, Feb 28 (Reuters) - Chicago Board of Trade soybean futures settled higher on short-covering and technical buying on Wednesday as the market rebounded after the front-month contract matched a three-year low, analysts said.

Corn futures also advanced in a recovery from recent three-year lows, while wheat futures fell under pressure from bumper Russian production.

Speculative investors have amassed large net short positions in the markets, opening the door for short-covering.

Ample global supplies and competition for U.S. grain and soy export business limit gains, analysts said. Soybean futures eased earlier as cheaper South American supplies make U.S. soy less competitive globally.

"The fundamentals of the soybean market are mostly bearish," said Tomm Pfitzenmaier, analyst for Summit Commodity Brokerage. "However, little rallies to correct an oversold condition like we saw earlier in the week are certainly possible."

CBOT March soybeans settled up 2-3/4 cents at $11.34 per bushel after dropping earlier to $11.24-3/4. That matched a Monday low that was the weakest price for nearby futures since November 2020. Most-active May soybeans closed up 4-1/2 cents at $11.45-1/4 per bushel.

Most-active corn ended up 5 cents at $4.28-1/2 per bushel and reached its highest price since Feb. 14. CBOT wheat dropped 9-1/2 cents to $5.74-3/4.

Recent declines in open interest in CBOT soybeans and corn signal sell-offs are running out of momentum, said Jim Gerlach, president of brokerage A/C Trading.

Still, advancing soy harvests in Brazil are bringing fresh supplies to the world market, though industry group Abiove cut its estimate for the nation's 2024 soybean output. Argentina is expected to start harvesting in April.

"The trend for soybeans is down, and it will keep going down," said Rabobank analyst Vitor Pistoia, adding that his bank forecast prices falling to $11 per bushel by the end of the year.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture is slated to issue weekly grain and soy export sales data on Thursday. Traders are also watching for deliveries against CBOT March contracts on first notice day on Thursday.

(Reporting by Tom Polansek in Chicago; Additional reporting by Peter Hobson and Sybille de La Hamaide; Editing by Eileen Soreng, Mark Potter, Will Dunham and Richard Chang)

U.S. oil prices end lower but front-month Brent crude has highest finish of 2024

U.S. oil futures ended lower Wednesday, pressured by government data showing a fifth consecutive weekly climb in domestic commercial-crude inventories.

U.S. crude oil inventories rose by 4.2 million barrels last week, surpassing estimates for a rise of 1.5 million barrels.

Uniper returned to profitability last year but said it expected lower earnings in 2024 due to likely lower energy prices.

Find insights on EDP Renovaveis, Endesa, Tenaga Nasional, Cooper Energy, and more in the latest Market Talks covering Energy and Utilities.

The Texas oil company has said it could pre-emptively match the price Chevron offered Hess for its 30% stake in a booming oil prospect off Guyana's coast.

Woodside Energy reported a 74% fall in annual net profit, in large part driven by impairing assets in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico and Australia.

The lowest inflation-adjusted prices in at least 34 years have drillers throttling down from record production.

The country has amassed enough near-weapons-grade material for several nuclear weapons but recently pulled back from expanding its stockpile.

On the second anniversary of the Ukraine invasion and amid ongoing attacks on a vital energy shipping corridor, the oil price is stuck in peacetime.

Woodside Energy said it has agreed to sell 15.1% of the venture developing the Scarborough natural-gas field offshore Australia to Japan's Jera for $1.4 billion as part of a broader strategic relationship.

Citigroup Inc. is redeeming, in whole, the remaining 22,000 shares outstanding of its 7.125% Fixed Rate / Floating Rate Noncumulative Preferred Stock, Series J (ticker "C Pr J") (the "Preferred Stock") and the corresponding Series J Depositary Shares representing interests in the Preferred Stock, equivalent to $550 million aggregate liquidation preference. 16,000 shares of the Preferred Stock and the related Depositary Shares, equivalent to $400 million aggregate liquidation preference, were previously redeemed on December 29, 2023.

The redemption date for the Preferred Stock and related Depositary Shares is March 29, 2024 (the "Redemption Date"). The cash redemption price, payable on the Redemption Date for each Depositary Share, will equal $25. Holders of record on March 19, 2024, will receive the previously declared regular quarterly dividend of $0.6098105903 per Depositary Share payable on the Redemption Date.

The redemption announced today is consistent with Citigroup's liability management strategy, and reflects its ongoing efforts to enhance the efficiency of its funding and capital structure. Citigroup's redemptions are based on several factors, including without limitation, the economic value, regulatory changes, potential impact on Citigroup's net interest margin and borrowing costs, the overall remaining tenor of Citigroup's debt portfolio, capital impact, as well as overall market conditions.

Beginning on the Redemption Date, the Depositary Shares representing the redeemed Preferred Stock will no longer be outstanding and dividends will no longer accrue on such securities.

Computershare Trust Company, N.A. ("Computershare") is the paying agent for the Depositary Shares. The paying agent's address is Computershare Trust Company, Attn: Corporate Actions, 150 Royall Street, Canton, MA 02021. Questions relating to the notice of redemption and related materials should be directed to Computershare via telephone at 1-888-250-3985.

For further information on the Preferred Stock and the related Depositary Shares, please see the prospectus at the following web address: https://www.citigroup.com/rcs/citigpa/akpublic/storage/public/ps_7125seriesj.pdf

About Citi

Citi is a preeminent banking partner for institutions with cross-border needs, a global leader in wealth management and a valued personal bank in its home market of the United States. Citi does business in nearly 160 countries and jurisdictions, providing corporations, governments, investors, institutions and individuals with a broad range of financial products and services.

* WTI futures settle lower, Brent settles marginally higher

* US crude stockpiles rises amid low refining levels -EIA

* Fed's Williams: Still ways to go to achieve 2% inflation goal

HOUSTON, Feb 28 (Reuters) - U.S. crude oil futures settled lower on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve held firm on its decision to hold off cutting interest rates in the near future, while growing U.S. crude stockpiles added further pressure.

Brent crude futures settled 3 cents higher, or up 0.04% at $83.68 a barrel. U.S. West Texas Intermediate futures (WTI) settled 33 cents lower, or down 0.42% at $78.54. Both benchmarks had fallen $1 in earlier trading.

U.S. crude inventories rose by 4.2 million barrels last week, the Energy Information Administration (EIA) said, surpassing analysts' expectations of 2.74 million.

Stockpiles have risen for five consecutive weeks due to unplanned refinery outages following a winter storm in January, along with planned plant turnarounds.

"An above forecast rise in U.S. weekly crude inventories has yet again dragged oil futures lower," Gaurav Sharma, an independent analyst, said.

U.S. refinery utilization rates edged up 0.9 percentage points last week to 81.5% of total capacity, but were below the 10-year seasonal average. Refineries have operated below 83% utilization rates for the past month, their longest streak in nearly three years.

"Refiners are still sidelined to a great degree, and not making a real effort to rapidly come out of the shutdowns experienced in the aftermath of the cold snap," John Kilduff, partner at New York-based Again Capital, said.

An ongoing outage at BP's 435,000-barrel-per-day Whiting refinery in Indiana, the largest plant in the Midwest, has also reduced fuel stock levels, Kilduff said.

Gasoline stocks, in turn, have drawn down for a fourth straight week to a two-month low at 244.2 million barrels and about 2% below the five-year average for this time of year, the EIA said.

"If this trend continues for the next six to eight weeks, we could see gasoline inventories tighten up as we go into the driving season," said Andrew Lipow, president of Lipow Oil Associates in Houston.

Reports on Tuesday that the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and allies led by Russia (OPEC+) will consider extending voluntary oil output cuts into the second quarter likely provided a floor to falling prices.

And hostilities in the Middle East may have provided some support, after Hamas called for Palestinians to march to Jerusalem's Al-Aqsa Mosque at the start of Ramadan, raising the stakes in ongoing negotiations for a truce in Gaza, which U.S. President Joe Biden hopes will be in place by then.

However, signs that interest rates in the world's largest economy would remain elevated offset potential gains.

Federal Reserve Bank of New York President John Williams said that, while inflation pressures have ebbed to a notable degree, he is not yet ready to say the central bank has done all it needs to do to get inflation back to the Fed's 2% target.

Williams' comment was in line with Fed Governor Michelle Bowman's signals on Tuesday - that she was in no rush to cut U.S. interest rates, given continuing inflation risks. Higher-for-longer rates could dampen economic growth and suppress demand for oil.

Players in the oil market will be looking for clearer direction from Thursday's January U.S. personal consumption expenditures (PCE) price index, the Fed's preferred measure of inflation and a key factor in rate decisions.

"In case (Thursday's) U.S. PCE reading comes in above expectations, a temporary top might have been found for oil," Tamas Varga of oil broker PVM said in a note. (Reporting by Georgina McCartney in Houston, Paul Carsten in London, Mohi Narayan in New Delhi and Andrew Hayley in Beijing Editing by Marguerita Choy, Will Dunham and Jonathan Oatis)

Feb 28 (Reuters) - Canada's main stock index ended lower on Wednesday for a third straight day as investors weighed earnings from some of Canada's biggest banks and braced for economic data this week that could guide expectations for the timing of interest rate cuts.

The Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index ended down 75.13 points, or 0.4%, at 21,243.77. It added to its losses since the start of the week after posting on Friday its highest closing level in 22 months.

Wall Steet's main indexes also ended lower.

"It is a downtick for equity markets in general," said Colin Cieszynski, chief market strategist at SIA Wealth Management. "Markets are continuing to chew through the bank earnings."

National Bank of Canada and Royal Bank of Canada both beat analysts' estimates for quarterly profit. National Bank rallied 2.3% but RBC was down 0.2% and the financials sector lost 0.3%.

"The weaker price action may be more about month-end rebalancing, and investors are waiting for the key inflation data in the U.S. tomorrow," said Angelo Kourkafas, investment strategist at Edward Jones Investments.

Thursday's release of the U.S. personal consumption expenditures price index for January could offer clues on prospects for Federal Reserve interest rate cuts.

Among other sectors, industrials lost 0.6% and technology was down 0.7%.

The energy sector was a bright spot. It rose 0.2% to post its highest closing level since Nov. 20 even as oil settled 0.4% lower at $78.54 a barrel.

"Even on days where oil is down a little bit the energy stocks have been quietly working their way and I think that's because generally we've got oil prices up in the high seventies rather than the low seventies," SIA Wealth Management's Cieszynski said. (Reporting by Fergal Smith in Toronto and Purvi Agarwal in Bengaluru; Editing by Vijay Kishore and David Gregorio)

CALGARY, Alberta, Feb. 28, 2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Freehold Royalties Ltd. (Freehold or the Company) (TSX:FRU) announces fourth quarter and year-end results for the period ended December 31, 2023.

President's Message

Freehold showcased the strength of our unique North American portfolio in 2023, with exposure to a stable production base in Canada, and growing oil weighted volumes in the U.S. Over the last four years we have structurally improved our business through exposure to the top-tier basins across North America, enhancing the sustainability of drilling on our lands and returns to our shareholders. We achieved 100% organic reserves replacement in 2023, demonstrating the strength of our asset base. This evolution has resulted in $163 million in dividends returned to our shareholders, while maintaining conservative debt levels (0.4 times net debt to trailing funds from operations).

2023 and Fourth Quarter Highlights included:

Production volumes for the year averaged 14,714 boe/d, a 4% increase and 6% growth in liquids volumes versus 2022. Freehold continues to build its U.S. portfolio with production averaging 5,102 boe/d in 2023 or 16% higher than the previous year. In the Midland basin in the Permian, we saw volumes grow 25% versus 2022 as our strong suite of payors executed their growth plans. In Canada, production remained flat year-over-year in the absence of a material acquisition, with volumes averaging 9,612 boe/d for the year, highlighting the asset quality of our Canadian portfolio. 2023 also represented a record year of leasing for Freehold, with the Company completing 122 agreements with 41 distinct counterparties, with the majority of the focus in southeast Saskatchewan and the emerging Mannville oil play.

Late in 2023, Freehold announced the acquisition of two royalty assets increasing our exposure in the Midland and Delaware basins for $115 million, which closed in January 2024. These transactions further Freehold's North American strategy, growing the Company's Permian production by 30% and overall U.S. corporate volumes by 12%.

Freehold exited the year with long term debt of $123 million or 0.5x long term debt to funds from operations. After completing the above transactions in January 2024, Freehold expects to continue to maintain considerable financial flexibility throughout 2024. Freehold paid record dividends to its shareholders in 2023 and at current commodity price levels we believe the dividend is right sized, with potential to grow through further portfolio investment, accelerated third party development on our royalty lands and/or a fundamental shift in the underlying commodity price environment.

Looking into 2024, we have set a production guidance range of 14,700-15,700 boe/d which implies approximately 3% growth at the midpoint over 2023. We are assuming West Texas Intermediate (WTI) prices average US$75/bbl through the year which is forecast to provide significant revenue, funds from operations and dividend sustainability, allowing the Company to execute its strategy and provide consistent returns for our shareholders.

I would like to thank our employees, shareholders, Board of Directors, and all those who have supported Freehold throughout the year.

David M. Spyker, President and Chief Executive Officer

Dividend Announcement

The Board of Directors of Freehold has declared a monthly dividend of $0.09 per share to be paid on April 15, 2024, to shareholders of record on March 28, 2024. The dividend is designated as an eligible dividend for Canadian income tax purposes.

Operating and Financial Highlights

2023 Drilling and Leasing Activity

In total, 993 gross wells were drilled on Freehold's royalty lands in 2023, a 6% decrease versus 2022.

Approximately 28% of gross wells on Freehold royalty lands targeted prospects in Alberta, 18% in Saskatchewan and 46% in Texas with the balance spread across other regions. Producers continue to remain focused on oil prospects with 95% of wells targeting oil. Of the gross wells drilled in 2023, approximately 37% were drilled on Freehold's gross overriding royalty (GORR) prospects in Canada, 10% targeted mineral title prospects in Canada and 53% were drilled on Freehold's U.S. royalty acreage (78% mineral title). The Viking in southwest Saskatchewan, Mississippian in southeast Saskatchewan, Clearwater and Cardium in central Alberta, Eagle Ford in Texas and Permian in Texas, and New Mexico and North Dakota continue to be the areas of focus within Freehold's portfolio. In total, Freehold estimates approximately $7.7 billion in gross third-party capital was spent on its royalty lands in 2023 up from $6.3 billion in 2022. Spending was comprised of US$5 billion (US$25 million net) on our U.S. assets and $1 billion ($34 million net) on our Canadian royalty assets.

Royalty Interest Drilling

Canada

In Q4-2023, Freehold had 120 gross (3.8 net) locations drilled on its Canadian portfolio compared to 137 gross (6.2 net) locations during Q4-2022. Drilling on our Canadian lands in 2023 totalled 466 gross locations (16.0 net), down 7% and 20% respectively on a gross and net measure when compared to 2022.

Over the quarter, drilling in Canada was led by a portfolio of oil weighted plays including the Cardium (16 gross wells), Viking (16 gross wells) and Clearwater (15 gross wells).

Freehold also benefitted from record leasing throughout our Canadian portfolio in 2023, with the majority of the 122 new leases targeting Mississippian light oil targets in southeast Saskatchewan (51%) and Mannville heavy oil targets in Alberta (28%). Freehold continues to see a revitalization of its southeast Saskatchewan light oil and Mannville heavy oil portfolios, with several well capitalized growth oriented junior producers focusing on these areas. Multilateral drilling has been a focus by operators in the heavy oil areas to improve both well productivity and oil recovery.

U.S.

Overall, 142 gross wells were drilled on our U.S. royalty lands in Q4-2023, which compares to 156 gross wells during Q4-2022. Given the composition of our U.S. portfolio (over 60% are investment grade payors), we see sustained development on our U.S. lands with more than 13 years of multi-zone, oil weighted drilling inventory.

In the U.S., operators focused drilling on light oil prospects in the Permian and Eagle Ford with 85% of activity within these basins. In total, 85 gross locations targeting prospects in the Permian and 38 gross locations in the Eagle Ford over the quarter. We also saw activity associated with the Bakken and Haynesville plays.

We continue to highlight the "saw tooth" nature of our U.S. portfolio where volumes are expected to increase significantly when multi-well and/or high net royalty interest production pads are brought onstream. On an annual basis, we expect our U.S. portfolio to provide growth of approximately 3% over the next twelve months, aligned with third-party projections of production growth in the U.S. producing basins, particularly the Permian.

Although Freehold's U.S. net well additions were lower than in Canada, U.S. wells are significantly more prolific as they generally come on production at approximately ten times that of an average Canadian well in our portfolio.

2024 Guidance

The following table summarizes our key operating assumptions for 2024:

2023 Reserves Information

Freehold's year-end 2023 reserves were evaluated by independent reserve evaluators Trimble Engineering Associates Ltd. and Ryder Scott and were completed in accordance with the definitions, standards and procedures contained in the Canadian Oil and Gas Evaluation Handbook and National Instrument 51-101-Standards of Disclosure for Oil and Gas Activities. Freehold's reserve information is included in the Company's Annual Information Form which is available on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca and Freehold's website at www.freeholdroyalties.com.

Conference Call Details

A webcast to discuss financial and operational results for the period ended December 31, 2023, will be held for the investment community on Thursday February 29, 2024, beginning at 7:00 AM MST (9:00 AM EST).

A live audio webcast will be accessible through the link below and on Freehold's website under "Events & Presentations" on Freehold's website at www.freeholdroyalties.com.

To participate in the conference call, you are asked to register at the link provided below.

Live Audio Webcast URL: https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/qkr6o5bo. A dial-in option is also available and can be accessed by dialing 1-800-952-5114 (toll-free in North America) participant passcode is 5916138#.

Forward-Looking Statements

This news release offers our assessment of Freehold's future plans and operations as of February 28, 2024, and contains forward-looking statements that we believe allow readers to better understand our business and prospects. These forward-looking statements include our expectations for the following:

By their nature, forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control, including general economic conditions, inflation and supply chain issues, the impacts of conflicts in the middle-east and eastern Europe on commodity prices and the world economy, industry conditions, volatility of commodity prices, currency fluctuations, imprecision of reserve estimates, royalties, environmental risks, taxation, regulation, changes in tax or other legislation, competition from other industry participants, the failure to complete acquisitions on the timing and terms expected, the failure to satisfy conditions of closing for any acquisitions, the lack of availability of qualified personnel or management, stock market volatility, our inability to come to agreement with third parties on prospective opportunities and the results of any such agreement and our ability to access sufficient capital from internal and external sources. Risks are described in more detail in our Annual Information Form for the year-ended December 31, 2023, available at www.sedarplus.ca.

With respect to forward-looking statements contained in this news release, we have made assumptions regarding, among other things, future commodity prices, future capital expenditure levels, future production levels, future exchange rates, future tax rates, future legislation, the cost of developing and producing our assets, the quality of our counterparties and the plans thereof, our ability and the ability of our lessees to obtain equipment in a timely manner to carry out development activities, our ability to market our oil and gas successfully to current and new customers, the performance of current wells and future wells drilled by our royalty payors, our expectation for the consumption of crude oil and natural gas, our expectation for industry drilling levels, our ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms, shut-in production, production additions from our audit function, our ability to execute on prospective opportunities and our ability to add production and reserves through development and acquisition activities. Additional operating assumptions with respect to the forward-looking statements referred to above are detailed in the body of this news release.

You are cautioned that the assumptions used in the preparation of such information, although considered reasonable at the time of preparation, may prove to be imprecise and, as such, undue reliance should not be placed on forward-looking statements. Our actual results, performance, or achievement could differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements. We can give no assurance that any of the events anticipated will transpire or occur, or if any of them do, what benefits we will derive from them. The forward-looking information contained in this document is expressly qualified by this cautionary statement. To the extent any guidance or forward-looking statements herein constitute a financial outlook, they are included herein to provide readers with an understanding of management's plans and assumptions for budgeting purposes and readers are cautioned that the information may not be appropriate for other purposes. Our policy for updating forward-looking statements is to update our key operating assumptions quarterly and, except as required by law, we do not undertake to update any other forward-looking statements.

You are further cautioned that the preparation of financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), which are the Canadian generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) for publicly accountable enterprises, requires management to make certain judgments and estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. These estimates may change, having either a positive or negative effect on net income, as further information becomes available and as the economic environment changes.

To the extent any guidance or forward-looking statements herein constitutes a financial outlook, they are included herein to provide readers with an understanding of management's plans and assumptions for budgeting purposes and readers are cautioned that the information may not be appropriate for other purposes. You are further cautioned that the preparation of financial statements in accordance with IFRS requires management to make certain judgments and estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. These estimates may change, having either a positive or negative effect on net income, as further information becomes available and as the economic environment changes.

Conversion of Natural Gas to Barrels of Oil Equivalent (BOE)

To provide a single unit of production for analytical purposes, natural gas production and reserves volumes are converted mathematically to equivalent barrels of oil (boe). We use the industry-accepted standard conversion of six thousand cubic feet of natural gas to one barrel of oil (6 Mcf = 1 bbl). The 6:1 boe ratio is based on an energy equivalency conversion method primarily applicable at the burner tip. It does not represent a value equivalency at the wellhead and is not based on either energy content or current prices. While the boe ratio is useful for comparative measures and observing trends, it does not accurately reflect individual product values and might be misleading, particularly if used in isolation. As well, given that the value ratio, based on the current price of crude oil to natural gas, is significantly different from the 6:1 energy equivalency ratio, using a 6:1 conversion ratio may be misleading as an indication of value.

Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures

Within this news release, references are made to terms commonly used as key performance indicators in the oil and gas industry. We believe that net revenue, netback, dividend payout ratio, funds from operations per share and cash costs are useful non-GAAP financial measures and ratios for management and investors to analyze operating performance, financial leverage, and liquidity, and we use these terms to facilitate the understanding and comparability of our results of operations. However, these terms do not have any standardized meanings prescribed by GAAP and therefore may not be comparable with the calculations of similar measures for other entities. This news release also contains the capital management measure net debt, as defined in note 12 to the December 31, 2023, unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.

Net revenue, which is calculated as revenues less ad valorem and production taxes (as incurred in the U.S. at the state level, largely Texas, which do not charge corporate income taxes but do assess flat tax rates on commodity revenues in addition to property tax assessments) details the net amount Freehold receives from its royalty payors, largely after state withholdings.

The netback, which is also calculated on a boe basis, as average realized price less production and ad valorem taxes, operating expenses, general and administrative and cash interest charges and share-based payouts, represents the per boe netback amount which allows us to benchmark how changes in commodity pricing, net of production and ad valorem taxes, and our cash-based cost structure compare against prior periods.

Cash costs, which is calculated on a boe basis, is comprised by the recurring cash-based costs, excluding taxes, reported on the statements of operations. For Freehold, cash costs are identified as operating expense, general and administrative expense, cash-based interest, financing and share-based compensation payouts. Cash costs allow Freehold to benchmark how changes in its manageable cash-based cost structure compare against prior periods.

Dividend payout ratios are often used for dividend paying companies in the oil and gas industry to identify dividend levels in relation to funds from operations that are also used to finance debt repayments and/or acquisition opportunities. Dividend payout ratio is a supplementary measure and is calculated as dividends paid as a percentage of funds from operations.

Funds from operations per share, which is calculated as funds from operations divided by the weighted average shares outstanding during the period, provides direction if changes in commodity prices, cash costs, and/or acquisitions were accretive on a per share basis. Funds from operations per share is a supplementary measure.

HOUSTON, Feb. 28, 2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Orion Group Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: ORN) (the "Company"), a leading specialty construction company, today reported its financial results for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2023.

See definitions and reconciliation of non-GAAP measures elsewhere in this release.

Management Commentary

"We are pleased that our fourth-quarter results demonstrated progress against our strategic plan to deliver profitable growth. Fourth-quarter 2023 adjusted EBITDA was $14.8 million or a 7.3% adjusted EBITDA margin--a significant year-over-year improvement from fourth quarter 2022 adjusted EBITDA of $3.2 million or an adjusted EBITDA margin of 1.6%," said Travis Boone, CEO of Orion Group Holdings.

"While our 2023 financial performance improved over the prior year, I think we are in the early stages of what our team can deliver going forward. What we accomplished in 2023 has transformed Orion into a more focused, more competitive and more driven company. In a short time, we implemented a disciplined project bidding and delivery strategy; attracted high-caliber business development executives; invested in systems, training and tools; secured a three-year, $103 million credit facility; and closed over $25 million in equipment and real estate sale-leaseback transactions. With these critical building blocks in place, we are prepared to take advantage of our industry tailwinds."

"In 2024, we expect our financial performance to continue to improve relative to 2023. Given the positive changes we have implemented, the improving market outlook, the quality of our current backlog and the volume of opportunities in our pipeline, we are confident that 2025 will be even stronger than 2024," concluded Boone.

Fourth Quarter 2023 Results

Contract revenues of $201.6 million increased 2.8% from $196.2 million in the fourth quarter last year, primarily due to an increase in marine segment revenue related to the Pearl Harbor, Hawaii drydock project, partially offset by a decrease in concrete segment revenue reflecting the planned wind-down of the Company's Central Texas concrete operations.

Gross profit increased to $23.0 million or 11.4% of revenue, up from $10.2 million or 5.2% of revenue in the fourth quarter of 2022. The increase in gross profit dollars and margin was primarily driven by margin improvements in both segments stemming from higher quality projects and improved execution, partially offset by lower margin and mix of dredging revenue.

Selling, general and administrative ("SG&A") expenses were $17.2 million, up from $13.7 million in the fourth quarter of 2022. As a percentage of total contract revenues, SG&A expenses increased to 8.5% from 7.0%. The increase in SG&A dollars and percentage reflected an increase in IT and business development spending and higher legal costs related to pursuing project-related claims.

Net loss for the fourth quarter was $4.4 million or $0.13 per diluted share compared to net loss of $4.9 million or $0.15 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2022.

Fourth quarter 2023 net income included $7.0 million ($0.21 diluted income per share) of non-recurring items. Fourth quarter 2023 adjusted net income was $2.6 million ($0.08 diluted income per share).

EBITDA for the fourth quarter of 2023 was $6.5 million, representing a 3.2% EBITDA margin, as compared to EBITDA of $2.2 million, or a 1.1% EBITDA margin in the fourth quarter last year. Adjusted for non-recurring items, EBITDA for the fourth quarter of 2023 increased to $14.8 million, representing a 7.3% adjusted EBITDA margin, as compared to adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter of 2022 of $3.2 million, representing a 1.6% adjusted EBITDA margin.

Backlog

Total backlog at December 31, 2023 was $762.2 million, compared to $877.5 million at September 30, 2023 and $448.8 million at December 31, 2022. Backlog for the Marine segment was $602.5 million, compared to $699.9 million at September 30, 2023 and $216.7 million at December 31, 2022. Backlog for the Concrete segment was $159.7 million, compared to $177.6 million at September 30, 2023 and $232.1 million at December 31, 2022. In addition, the Company has been awarded $121 million in new project work subsequent to the fourth quarter that is not included in backlog at the end of the quarter.

Balance Sheet Update

As of December 31, 2023, current assets were $271.8 million, including unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of $30.9 million. Total debt outstanding as of December 31, 2023 was $37.2 million. At the end of the quarter, the Company had no outstanding borrowings under its revolving credit facility. On December 1, 2023, the Company and White Oak amended the Company's credit facility to extend the maturity date for the $15.0 million pre-payment. On February 27, 2024, the Company and White Oak further amended the Company's credit facility to lower the interest rate on its $65 million revolver by 50 basis points and its $38 million term loan by 100 basis points.

Asset Sales

The Company entered into a contract for the sale of its East West Jones properties in Harris County, Texas. The purchase price is $34 million and the transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2024. The Company expects to use the proceeds to reduce debt and for general corporate purposes.

Conference Call Details

Orion Group Holdings will host a conference call to discuss results for the fourth quarter and full year 2023 at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time/8:00 a.m. Central Time on Thursday, February 29, 2024. To participate, please call (844) 481-2994 and ask for the Orion Group Holdings Conference Call. A live audio webcast of the call will also be available on the Investor Relations section of Orion's website at https://www.oriongroupholdingsinc.com/investor/ and will be archived for replay.

About Orion Group Holdings

Orion Group Holdings, Inc., a leading specialty construction company serving the infrastructure, industrial and building sectors, provides services both on and off the water in the continental United States, Alaska, Hawaii, Canada and the Caribbean Basin through its marine segment and its concrete segment. The Company's marine segment provides construction and dredging services relating to marine transportation facility construction, marine pipeline construction, marine environmental structures, dredging of waterways, channels and ports, environmental dredging, design and specialty services. Its concrete segment provides turnkey concrete construction services including place and finish, site prep, layout, forming, and rebar placement for large commercial, structural and other associated business areas. The Company is headquartered in Houston, Texas with regional offices throughout its operating areas. The Company's website is located at: https://www.oriongroupholdingsinc.com.

Backlog Definition

Backlog consists of projects under contract that have either (a) not been started, or (b) are in progress but are not yet complete. The Company cannot guarantee that the revenue implied by its backlog will be realized, or, if realized, will result in earnings. Backlog can fluctuate from period to period due to the timing and execution of contracts. The typical duration of the Company's projects ranges from three to nine months on shorter projects to multiple years on larger projects. The Company's backlog at any point in time includes both revenue it expects to realize during the next twelve-month period as well as revenue it expects to realize in future years.

Non-GAAP Financial Measures

This press release includes the financial measures "adjusted net income/loss," "adjusted earnings/loss per share," "EBITDA," "Adjusted EBITDA" and "Adjusted EBITDA margin." These measurements are "non-GAAP financial measures" under rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, including Regulation G. The non-GAAP financial information may be determined or calculated differently by other companies. By reporting such non-GAAP financial information, the Company does not intend to give such information greater prominence than comparable GAAP financial information. Investors are urged to consider these non-GAAP measures in addition to and not in substitute for measures prepared in accordance with GAAP.

Adjusted net income/loss and adjusted earnings/loss per share should not be viewed as an equivalent financial measure to net income/loss or earnings/loss per share. Adjusted net income/loss and adjusted earnings/loss per share exclude certain items that management believes impairs a meaningful evaluation of the Company's financial performance. The Company believes these adjusted financial measures are a useful supplement to earnings/loss calculated in accordance with GAAP because they better inform our common stockholders as to the Company's operational trends and performance relative to other companies. Generally, items excluded are one-time items or items whose timing or amount cannot be reasonably estimated. Accordingly, any guidance provided by the Company generally excludes information regarding these types of items.

Orion Group Holdings defines EBITDA as net income/loss before net interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA is calculated by adjusting EBITDA for certain items that management believes impairs a meaningful comparison of operating results. Adjusted EBITDA margin is calculated by dividing Adjusted EBITDA for the period by contract revenues for the period. The GAAP financial measure that is most directly comparable to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA is net income, while the GAAP financial measure that is most directly comparable to Adjusted EBITDA margin is operating margin, which represents operating income divided by contract revenues. EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are used internally to evaluate current operating expense, operating efficiency, and operating profitability on a variable cost basis, by excluding the depreciation and amortization expenses, primarily related to capital expenditures and acquisitions, and net interest and tax expenses. Additionally, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin provide useful information regarding the Company's ability to meet future debt service and working capital requirements while providing an overall evaluation of the Company's financial condition. In addition, EBITDA is used internally for incentive compensation purposes. The Company includes EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin to provide transparency to investors as they are commonly used by investors and others in assessing performance. EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin have certain limitations as analytical tools and should not be used as a substitute for operating margin, net income, cash flows, or other data prepared in accordance with GAAP, or as a measure of the Company's profitability or liquidity.

Forward-Looking Statements

The matters discussed in this press release may constitute or include projections or other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the "safe harbor" provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, of which provisions the Company is availing itself. Certain forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, such as 'believes', 'expects', 'may', 'will', 'could', 'should', 'seeks', 'approximately', 'intends', 'plans', 'estimates', or 'anticipates', or the negative thereof or other comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy, plans, objectives, intentions, estimates, forecasts, outlook, assumptions, or goals. In particular, statements regarding future operations or results, including those set forth in this press release, and any other statement, express or implied, concerning future operating results or the future generation of or ability to generate revenues, income, net income, gross profit, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, or cash flow, including to service debt, and including any estimates, forecasts or assumptions regarding future revenues or revenue growth, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements also include project award announcements, estimated project start dates, anticipated revenues, and contract options which may or may not be awarded in the future. Forward-looking statements involve risks, including those associated with the Company's fixed price contracts that impacts profits, unforeseen productivity delays that may alter the final profitability of the contract, cancellation of the contract by the customer for unforeseen reasons, delays or decreases in funding by the customer, levels and predictability of government funding or other governmental budgetary constraints, and any potential contract options which may or may not be awarded in the future, and are at the sole discretion of award by the customer. Past performance is not necessarily an indicator of future results. In light of these and other uncertainties, the inclusion of forward-looking statements in this press release should not be regarded as a representation by the Company that the Company's plans, estimates, forecasts, goals, intentions, or objectives will be achieved or realized. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. The Company assumes no obligation to update information contained in this press release whether as a result of new developments or otherwise, except as required by law.

Please refer to the Company's 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 16, 2023, which is available on its website at www.oriongroupholdingsinc.com or at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov, for additional and more detailed discussion of risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our current expectations, estimates or forecasts.

Orion Group Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries

Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin Reconciliations

(In Thousands, Except Margin Data)

(Unaudited)

Orion Group Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries

Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin Reconciliations by Segment

(In Thousands, Except Margin Data)

(Unaudited)

Awarded Project Backlog Conversion Drives Significant Q4 Revenue and Profit Growth Record Total Project Backlog of nearly $4B, with $520M in New Awards in Q4 717 MWe of Assets in Development, with 63 MWe Placed into Operation in the Quarter Guiding to 38% Adj. EBITDA Growth at the Midpoint for 2024 Full Year and Fourth Quarter 2023 Financial Highlights: Revenues of $1,374.6 million and $441.4 million Net income attributable to common shareholders of $62.5 million and $33.7 million GAAP EPS of $1.17 and $0.64 Non-GAAP EPS of $1.26 and $0.69 Adjusted EBITDA of $163.0 million and $54.9 million

Ameresco, Inc. (NYSE:AMRC), a leading cleantech integrator specializing in energy efficiency and renewable energy, today announced financial results for the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2023. The Company also furnished supplemental information in conjunction with this press release in a Current Report on Form 8-K. The supplemental information, which includes Non-GAAP financial measures, has been posted to the "Investors" section of the Company's website at www.ameresco.com. Reconciliations of Non-GAAP measures to the appropriate GAAP measures are included herein. All financial result comparisons made are against the prior year period unless otherwise noted.

CEO George Sakellaris commented, "Fourth quarter results represented a strong finish to a challenging year, demonstrating positive momentum that supports Ameresco's long term growth trajectory. In addition to the considerable revenue and Adjusted EBITDA growth achieved in the quarter, we grew total project backlog nearly 50%, ending 2023 with a record $3.9 billion. We also grew our assets in development 35% to 717 MWe at the end of the year. Both of which provide a pathway for continued growth over the next several years. Despite the industry headwinds, specifically supply chain issues and administrative bottlenecks that caused the push-out of project revenues we noted last quarter, we are pleased to report that we converted and executed on a number of these previously-delayed projects contributing to the 40% increase in our fourth quarter Project revenues. Additionally, we have taken actions to streamline our organization and have considered these industry factors in our future planning and project scheduling. With respect to Energy Assets, we placed 63 MWe into operation in the fourth quarter, bringing our total operating Energy Assets to over 500 MWe.

"We continue to make great strides in growing our UK and European footprint. After a year of strong organic and acquisitive revenue growth of over 150%, this unit now accounts for over 10% of our total revenue. We believe this market remains highly fragmented and very economically attractive to Ameresco.

"Ameresco's record backlog and asset pipeline metrics underscore the strength of our market positioning and our ability to continue to achieve substantial long-term growth in revenues and profitability. New awards in 2023 were approximately $2.2 billion, double last year's $1.1 billion, and proposal activity remained at an all-time high. In 2023, our Energy Asset business continued to add high return assets to our development pipeline. During the year, we increased Ameresco-owned Assets in development by 199 MWe to 669 MWe, while also bringing 118 MWe into operation during the year."

Fourth Quarter Financial Results

(All financial result comparisons made are against the prior year period unless otherwise noted.)

Total revenue was $441.4 million, a 33% increase, with double-digit growth across all four of our lines of business. Our Projects business experienced 40% revenue growth as the Company executed on a number of large contract conversions, some that had slipped from the previous quarter, and benefited from increased overall activity, including revenues related to the addition of the Enerqos acquisition in Italy earlier in the year. We also saw a benefit of approximately $40 million from faster implementation of active contracts. Energy Asset revenue increased 12.3% driven by continued growth in our operating asset portfolio and stronger RIN prices. O&M revenue was up 13.2% reflecting increased growth in our long-term contracts while Other revenue increased 11.4%. Gross margin of 16.8% declined due to an increase in the mix of larger, lower margin contracts. We continued to take advantage of clean energy tax incentives available under the Inflation Reduction Act, resulting in a larger than expected effective tax rate benefit of (67.0%). Net income attributable to common shareholders was $33.7 million. The GAAP results for 2023 reflect a non-cash downward adjustment of $1.6 million related to energy asset impairment charges and a non-cash downward adjustment of $2.2 million related to a goodwill impairment charge. Adjusted EBITDA increased 33% to $54.9 million. GAAP and Non-GAAP EPS were $0.64 and $0.69, respectively, with Non-GAAP EPS increasing 97%.

Balance Sheet and Cash Flow Metrics

The Company ended the quarter with $79.3 million in cash. Our total corporate debt including our term loans and drawn amounts on our revolving line of credit continued to decline to $279.9 million, with a corporate leverage ratio as calculated under our Sr. Secured Credit Facility of 3.3x, below our 3.75x bank covenant level. Our Energy Asset Debt was $1.2 billion with an Energy Debt Advance rate of 72% on the Energy Asset Book Value. Our Adjusted Cash from Operations in Q4 was $17.5 million and $84.3 million for 2023. Given the volatility of quarterly Adjusted Cash from Operations we are also providing investors with a quarterly average over a trailing 8-quarter period in our supplemental materials, representing our average implementation cycle.

After the end of the year, we announced that we had engaged an investment bank to raise subordinated debt as required by the December 2023 amendment to our Sr. Secured Credit Facility. The debt raise, if successful, would be used to repay outstanding amounts on the Sr. Secured Credit Facility.

"Ameresco's robust backlog and growing assets in development are strong indicators of how well aligned our capabilities are with market demand. Our broad and deep technical expertise has enabled us to execute on complex projects, positioning us as a leading provider of cost-effective, resilient energy solutions for public and private clients. With over $7 billion in multi-year revenue visibility from our project backlog and asset development pipeline, we have a roadmap to achieving our long-term growth targets.

Ameresco's full year 2024 guidance is included in the table below and reflects an expected revenue and Adjusted EBITDA growth of 20% and 38%, respectively, at the midpoints. We plan to continue to take advantage of clean energy tax incentives resulting in a likely net tax benefit. The Company expects to place approximately 200 MWe of energy assets in service for all of 2024. Our expected capex for 2024 is $350 million to $400 million, the majority of which we expect to fund with project financing. For the first quarter of fiscal 2024, we expect revenues of $225 million to $275 million and adjusted EBITDA of $20 million to $30 million, with negative non-GAAP EPS. We expect the remainder of the year to follow a more normal quarterly seasonal cadence.

We are working closely with Southern California Edison Company on the final steps toward substantial completion for two of the three projects. Construction activities and preparation for commissioning have begun for the third project, which was significantly impacted by the heavy rainfall in California in 2023. This last site is expected to reach substantial completion in the summer of 2024.

Conference Call/Webcast Information

The Company will host a conference call today at 4:30 p.m. ET to discuss fourth quarter 2023 financial results, business and financial outlook and other business highlights. Participants may access the earnings conference call by pre-registering here at least fifteen minutes in advance. A live, listen-only webcast of the conference call will also be available over the Internet. Individuals wishing to listen can access the call through the "Investors" section of the Company's website at www.ameresco.com. If you are unable to listen to the live call, an archived webcast will be available on the Company's website for one year.

Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures

This press release and the accompanying tables include references to adjusted EBITDA, Non- GAAP EPS, Non-GAAP net income and adjusted cash from operations, which are Non-GAAP financial measures. For a description of these Non-GAAP financial measures, including the reasons management uses these measures, please see the section following the accompanying tables titled "Exhibit A: Non-GAAP Financial Measures". For a reconciliation of these Non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, please see Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Non-GAAP Financial Guidance in the accompanying tables.

About Ameresco, Inc.

Founded in 2000, Ameresco, Inc. (NYSE:AMRC) is a leading cleantech integrator and renewable energy asset developer, owner and operator. Our comprehensive portfolio includes energy efficiency, infrastructure upgrades, asset sustainability and renewable energy solutions delivered to clients throughout North America and Europe. Ameresco's sustainability services in support of clients' pursuit of Net-Zero include upgrades to a facility's energy infrastructure and the development, construction, and operation of distributed energy resources. Ameresco has successfully completed energy saving, environmentally responsible projects with Federal, state, and local governments, healthcare and educational institutions, housing authorities, and commercial and industrial customers. With its corporate headquarters in Framingham, MA, Ameresco has more than 1,200 employees providing local expertise in the United States, Canada, and Europe. For more information, visit www.ameresco.com.

Safe Harbor Statement

Any statements in this press release about future expectations, plans and prospects for Ameresco, Inc., including statements about market conditions, pipeline, visibility, and backlog, as well as estimated future revenues, net income, adjusted EBITDA, Non-GAAP EPS, gross margin, effective tax rate, capital investments, other financial guidance and longer term outlook, statements about our financing plans including the status of discussion related to raising subordinated debt and our ability to finalize such a debt financing, the impact the IRA, supply chain disruptions, shortage and cost of materials and labor, and other macroeconomic and geopolitical challenges; our expectations related to our agreement with SCE including the impact of delays and any requirement to pay liquidated damages, and other statements containing the words "projects," "believes," "anticipates," "plans," "expects," "will" and similar expressions, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by such forward looking statements as a result of various important factors, including: demand for our energy efficiency and renewable energy solutions; the timing of, and ability to, enter into contracts for awarded projects on the terms proposed or at all; the timing of work we do on projects where we recognize revenue on a percentage of completion basis; the ability to perform under signed contracts without delay and in accordance with their terms and related liquidated and other damages we may be subject to; the fiscal health of the government and the risk of government shutdowns; our ability to complete and operate our projects on a profitable basis and as committed to our customers; our cash flows from operations and our ability to arrange financing to fund our operations and projects our customers' ability to finance their projects and credit risk from our customers; our ability to comply with covenants in our existing debt agreements including the requirement to raise additional subordinated debt; the impact of macroeconomic challenges, weather related events and climate change on our business; our reliance on third parties for our construction and installation work; availability and cost of labor and equipment particularly given global supply chain challenges and global trade conflicts; global supply chain challenges, component shortages and inflationary pressures; changes in federal, state and local government policies and programs related to energy efficiency and renewable energy; the ability of customers to cancel or defer contracts included in our backlog; the output and performance of our energy plants and energy projects; cybersecurity incidents and breaches; regulatory and other risks inherent to constructing and operating energy assets the effects of our acquisitions and joint ventures; seasonality in construction and in demand for our products and services; a customer's decision to delay our work on, or other risks involved with, a particular project; the addition of new customers or the loss of existing customers; market price of our Class A Common stock prevailing from time to time; the nature of other investment opportunities presented to our Company from time to time; risks related to our international operation and international growth strategy; and other factors discussed in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. The forward-looking statements included in this press release represent our views as of the date of this press release. We anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause our views to change. However, while we may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any date subsequent to the date of this press release.

Exhibit A: Non-GAAP Financial Measures

We use the Non-GAAP financial measures defined and discussed below to provide investors and others with useful supplemental information to our financial results prepared in accordance with GAAP. These Non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered as an alternative to any measure of financial performance calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. For a reconciliation of these Non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, please see Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Non-GAAP Financial Guidance in the tables above.

We understand that, although measures similar to these Non-GAAP financial measures are frequently used by investors and securities analysts in their evaluation of companies, they have limitations as analytical tools, and investors should not consider them in isolation or as a substitute for the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures or an analysis of our results of operations as reported under GAAP. To properly and prudently evaluate our business, we encourage investors to review our GAAP financial statements included above, and not to rely on any single financial measure to evaluate our business.

Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin

We define adjusted EBITDA as net income attributable to common shareholders, including impact from redeemable non-controlling interests, before income tax (benefit) provision, other expenses net, depreciation, amortization of intangible assets, accretion of asset retirement obligations, contingent consideration expense, stock-based compensation expense, energy asset impairment, goodwill impairment, restructuring and other charges, gain or loss on sale of equity investment, and gain or loss upon deconsolidation of a variable interest entity. We believe adjusted EBITDA is useful to investors in evaluating our operating performance for the following reasons: adjusted EBITDA and similar Non-GAAP measures are widely used by investors to measure a company's operating performance without regard to items that can vary substantially from company to company depending upon financing and accounting methods, book values of assets, capital structures and the methods by which assets were acquired; securities analysts often use adjusted EBITDA and similar Non-GAAP measures as supplemental measures to evaluate the overall operating performance of companies; and by comparing our adjusted EBITDA in different historical periods, investors can evaluate our operating results without the additional variations of depreciation and amortization expense, accretion of asset retirement obligations, contingent consideration expense, stock-based compensation expense, impact from redeemable non-controlling interests, restructuring and asset impairment charges. We define adjusted EBITDA margin as adjusted EBITDA stated as a percentage of revenue.

Our management uses adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin as measures of operating performance, because they do not include the impact of items that we do not consider indicative of our core operating performance; for planning purposes, including the preparation of our annual operating budget; to allocate resources to enhance the financial performance of the business; to evaluate the effectiveness of our business strategies; and in communications with the board of directors and investors concerning our financial performance.

Non-GAAP Net Income and EPS

We define Non-GAAP net income and earnings per share (EPS) to exclude certain discrete items that management does not consider representative of our ongoing operations, including energy asset impairment, goodwill impairment, restructuring and other charges, impact from redeemable non-controlling interest, gain or loss on sale of equity investment, and gain or loss upon deconsolidation of a variable interest entity. We consider Non-GAAP net income and Non-GAAP EPS to be important indicators of our operational strength and performance of our business because they eliminate the effects of events that are not part of the Company's core operations.

Adjusted Cash from Operations

We define adjusted cash from operations as cash flows from operating activities plus proceeds from Federal ESPC projects. Cash received in payment of Federal ESPC projects is treated as a financing cash flow under GAAP due to the unusual financing structure for these projects. These cash flows, however, correspond to the revenue generated by these projects. Thus, we believe that adjusting operating cash flow to include the cash generated by our Federal ESPC projects provides investors with a useful measure for evaluating the cash generating ability of our core operating business. Our management uses adjusted cash from operations as a measure of liquidity because it captures all sources of cash associated with our revenue generated by operations.

Stem (NYSE: STEM), a global leader in AI-driven clean energy solutions and services, today announced that its Athena PowerBidder Pro application has been selected by Mercuria Energy Trading, a leading global energy trader, to support bid optimization management for its first energy storage system (ESS) in Electric Reliability Council of Texas (ERCOT). Under this software-only contract, Mercuria will leverage PowerBidder Pro's award-winning combination of configurability, cutting-edge analytics, advanced price forecasting and bid optimization, and seamless automation to develop customized trading strategies for its energy storage assets to participate in ERCOT, power supplier to more than 26 million customers representing approximately 90 percent of the state's electric load.

"Stem is successfully operating assets in North American wholesale markets on behalf of asset owners. Listening to our customers, we identified a need in the market for a software solution that puts traders and asset owners fully in control of strategies while enabling scaling and automation," said Cedric Brehaut, Vice President of Cloud Solutions at Stem. "We are excited to announce Mercuria as our first PowerBidder Pro customer. PowerBidder Pro layers and automates customized trading strategies on top of Athena's industry-leading forecasting and optimization capabilities. We look forward to helping Mercuria drive portfolio returns and effective risk management in the ever-evolving ERCOT market, and in other markets in the near future."

Cody Moore, Head of Gas and Power Trading at Mercuria, said, "With more than 20 gigawatts (GW) of renewable energy in our investments pipeline and our commitments to direct more than 50 percent of our investments into the energy transition by 2025, Mercuria is diligently working to ensure our renewable energy strategies are fortified with high-performing technologies and partners who can help us further optimize renewable assets. We are excited that Stem's PowerBidder Pro application will fit into our traders' existing workflows, allowing us to bring our differentiated knowledge of energy markets while leveraging Stem's unique technology optimizing battery operations to create an ideal pairing of two best-in-class capabilities."

Available on the Athena Platform, Stem's PowerBidder Pro will offer Mercuria access to real-time performance metrics, industry-leading forecasts and analytics, and customizable configurations necessary to tailor trading strategies to ESS constraints, contractual obligations, and Mercuria's unique risk management objectives and views on volatile market conditions. As Mercuria's ESS portfolio grows to meet its energy transition objectives, PowerBidder Pro will offer a scalable solution designed to seamlessly manage trading strategies across its entire storage ESS portfolio, including across different ISO markets. With PowerBidder Pro, Mercuria will be empowered to drive returns and manage risk effectively.

In addition to PowerBidder Pro, Stem offers its world-class services to customers who need direct support in managing their assets. Stem's energy experts provide operating services using PowerBidder Pro on behalf of our customers. With experience across 200,000 sites in over 50 countries, Athena and PowerBidder Pro bring together a market-leading solution.

Learn more about PowerBidder Pro at stem.com/powerbidder-pro.

About Stem

Stem (NYSE: STEM) provides clean energy solutions and services that are designed to maximize the economic, environmental, and resiliency value of energy assets and portfolios. Stem's leading AI-driven enterprise software platform, Athena enables organizations to deploy and unlock value from clean energy assets at scale. Powerful applications, including AlsoEnergy's PowerTrack, simplify and optimize asset management and connect an ecosystem of owners, developers, assets, and markets. Stem also offers integrated partner solutions to help improve returns across energy projects, including storage, solar, and EV fleet charging. For more information, visit www.stem.com.

About Mercuria Energy Trading

Established in 2004, Mercuria is one of the world's largest independent energy and commodity groups, revolutionizing the commodity value chain through technology, expertise, and low-carbon solutions. The company has firmly positioned itself as a leader in the energy transition, with over 50 percent of its new investments directed towards renewables and transitional energy. Mercuria has made substantial contributions to projects such as renewable power, energy storage, grid optimization, critical transition minerals recycling, and environmental products, showcasing its dedication to a sustainable future. www.mercuria.com.

(Alliance News) - The following is a round-up of updates by London-listed companies, issued this week and not separately reported by Alliance News:

----------

Grit Real Estate Income Group - Pan-African property investment and management company based in Mauritius - EPRA net reinstatement value at December 31 half-year end totals 68.1 cents per share, down 6.4% from 72.8 cents at end of June. Cuts dividend by 25% to 1.50 cents per share from 2.00 cents. Appoints Gareth Schnehage as chief financial officer, replacing Leon van de Moortele who has been on medical leave since December 19.

----------

Volta Finance Ltd - Guernsey-incorporated investment company - Agrees on alteration of fee structure with investment manager AXA Investment Managers Paris. New pact lowers "threshold of the tiered management fee and enhancing the annual performance fee structure". AXA IMP is to receive an amount equal to 1.5% per year of the lower of either its net asset value and EUR236 million. The prior management fee threshold was EUR300 million. In addition, if the NAV tops EUR236 million, the manager will earn an amount equal to 1.0% per year of the amount the NAV exceeds EUR236 million.

----------

Crown Place VCT PLC - venture capital trust - Net asset value at December 31 half-year end amounts to 31.03 pence, down from 33.13p on June 30. It adds: "Our two hydro renewable energy assets, Chonais River Hydro and Gharagain River Hydro saw their valuations decrease by GBP1.1 million and GBP300,000 respectively after a reduction in the forecast annual energy generation based on historic production. The challenging economic environment and the general decline in comparable market prices across the technology sector has resulted in the valuations of some of the technology and healthcare companies in the portfolio falling."

----------

AltynGold PLC - Sekisovskoye gold mine in Kazakhstan - Says 2023 volume of mined ore increases 33% to 701,465 tonnes. "As mentioned in prior updates, volume of processed ore was affected by the ongoing plant expansion. Full-year volume of milled ore increased 1.1% while poured gold declined 2.7%. The processing plant upgrade is now expected to be completed in 3Q24," AltynGold adds. Full-year total revenue increases 2.7% to USD63.7 million "on higher average gold price in 2023".

----------

BWA Group PLC - company which has mineral exploration licences in Cameroon and Canada - Says completes preliminary reconnaissance drilling on time and budget at Dehane 2 licence in Cameroon. Non-Executive Chair James Butterfield says: "BWA are even more encouraged by the presence of heavy mineral sands that have been observed within the medium and courser grained horizons within the drill core. BWA look forward to receiving the analysis and defining a more comprehensive and systematic drilling programme in the near future."

Comments and questions to newsroom@alliancenews.com

Copyright 2024 Alliance News Ltd. All Rights Reserved.

FIGS, Inc. (NYSE: FIGS) (the "Company"), the direct-to-consumer apparel and lifestyle brand dedicated to the healthcare community, today released its fourth quarter and full year 2023 financial results and published a financial highlights presentation on its investor relations website at ir.wearfigs.com/financials/quarterly-results/.

Fourth quarter and full year 2023 financial results reflect a $4.7 million accounting reclassification between net revenues and selling expense related to duty subsidies for customers in Canada (the "Reclassification").

Fourth Quarter 2023 Financial Highlights

"Looking back on 2023, we delivered strong growth and profitability, reduced inventory levels by 33% and generated cash flow from operations of $100 million, while advancing a number of our growth strategies," said Trina Spear, Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder. "Looking ahead to 2024, we expect demand to be impacted by macroeconomic factors, and we also recognize the healthcare workforce related stress that is affecting our community. We are taking swift action to rebuild momentum and reignite the word of mouth flywheel that has driven our success as a digital brand. We are confident that our strategic initiatives, supported by our robust balance sheet will unlock the long term potential of FIGS."

Resignation of CFO and Appointment of Interim CFO

The Company's Chief Financial Officer, Daniella Turenshine has informed the Company of her intention to step down as Chief Financial Officer to assume a role as a CFO at another company. Ms. Turenshine will remain in her role through April 12, 2024 and plans to serve as an advisor for as long as necessary thereafter to ensure a smooth transition.

The Company has commenced a search for a new Chief Financial Officer. Starting on April 12, 2024, Kevin Fosty, VP, Corporate Controller of the Company, will assume the role of Interim CFO.

Mr. Fosty has nearly 25 years of accounting and finance experience and has served as the Company's VP, Corporate Controller since April 2021. Prior to FIGS, he spent nearly 10 years at The Siegfried Group, LLP, within the finance and corporate accounting group, providing controllership function leadership to private and public companies, including Alight, Inc., (formerly a Blackstone LLP portfolio company), Neogenomics, Inc., Stitch Fix, Inc. and Square, Inc. He previously served as corporate controller and chief financial officer for Evolution Resources, Inc. His background also includes corporate finance and M&A at leading global advisory and consulting firms, FTI Consulting, Inc. and Deloitte, LLP along with Big 4 audit at global audit firms KPMG, LLP and Arthur Andersen, LLP, where he began his career. He is also a Certified Public Accountant.

Ms. Spear commented, "Over her five-year tenure, Daniella has played an integral role in building FIGS into a more than half a billion dollar business and has proven to be an incredible thought partner and leader throughout her time with FIGS. She has also been instrumental in establishing the foundation to operate as a public company and has built a strong finance team. We appreciate all she has contributed to FIGS and we wish her the very best. Kevin has led the accounting team as corporate controller for three years and we are confident in his ability to serve as Interim CFO until a permanent CFO is named."

Daniella Turenshine, Chief Financial Officer, commented, "Helping to build FIGS into the leading healthcare apparel brand that it is today has truly been an amazing experience. I'm so grateful to have worked with such smart, talented and incredible people. We have assembled a strong team and I have every confidence that Kevin and the entire finance organization will continue to execute during this transition period. FIGS is an incredible brand and I have great confidence in its long term success."

2024 Financial Outlook

Ms. Turenshine continued, "We believe we have identified areas of opportunity to reignite demand in our business but recognize this will take time and we are still facing macro headwinds. We remain confident in the long term prospects for our business. We are the distant leader in healthcare apparel with distinct competitive advantages in product innovation and brand love coupled with the scale and balance sheet to invest in future growth."

"Net income, as adjusted," "adjusted EBITDA," "adjusted EBITDA margin," "diluted earnings per share, as adjusted" and "free cash flow" are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the sections titled "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Key Operating Metrics" and "Reconciliations of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures" below for more information regarding the Company's use of non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures.

"Net income margin" and "adjusted EBITDA margin" are calculated by dividing net income and adjusted EBITDA by net revenues, respectively.

"Active customers," "net revenues per active customer" and "average order value" are key operational and business metrics that are important to understanding the Company's performance. Please see the sections titled "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Key Operating Metrics" and "Key Operating Metrics" below for information regarding how the Company calculates its key operational and business metrics and for comparisons of active customers, net revenues per active customer and average order value to the prior year period.

The Company has not provided a quantitative reconciliation of its adjusted EBITDA margin outlook to a GAAP net income margin outlook because it is unable, without making unreasonable efforts, to project certain reconciling items. These items include, but are not limited to, future stock-based compensation expense, income taxes, expenses related to non-ordinary course disputes, and transaction costs. These items are inherently variable and uncertain and depend on various factors, some of which are outside of the Company's control or ability to predict. For more information regarding the Company's use of non-GAAP financial measures, please see the section titled "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Key Operating Metrics."

Conference Call Details

FIGS management will host a conference call and webcast today at 2:00 p.m. PT / 5:00 p.m. ET to discuss the Company's financial and business results and outlook. To participate, please dial 1-833-470-1428 (US) or 1-404-975-4839 (International) and the conference ID 136075. The call is also accessible via webcast at ir.wearfigs.com. A recording will be available shortly after the conclusion of the call until 11:59 p.m. ET on March 6, 2024. To access the replay, please dial 1-866-813-9403 (US) or 1-929-458-6194 (International) and the conference ID 424631. An archive of the webcast will be available on FIGS' investor relations website at ir.wearfigs.com.

Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Key Operating Metrics

In addition to the GAAP financial measures set forth in this press release, the Company has included non-GAAP financial measures within the meaning of Regulation G and Item 10(e) of Regulation S-K. The Company uses "net income, as adjusted," "diluted earnings per share, as adjusted," "adjusted EBITDA" and "adjusted EBITDA margin" to provide useful supplemental measures that assist in evaluating its ability to generate earnings, provide consistency and comparability with its past financial performance and facilitate period-to-period comparisons of its core operating results as well as the results of its peer companies. The Company uses "free cash flow" as a useful supplemental measure of liquidity and as an additional basis for assessing its ability to generate cash. The Company calculates "net income, as adjusted," as net income adjusted to exclude transaction costs, expenses related to non-ordinary course disputes, other than temporary impairment of held-to-maturity investments, stock-based compensation, including expense related to award modifications, accelerated performance awards and associated payroll taxes and costs, ambassador grants in connection with its initial public offering, and expense resulting from the retirement of the Company's previous CFO, and the income tax impact of these adjustments. The Company calculates "diluted earnings per share, as adjusted" as net income, as adjusted divided by diluted shares outstanding. The Company calculates "adjusted EBITDA" as net income adjusted to exclude: other income (loss), net; gain/loss on disposal of assets; provision for income taxes; depreciation and amortization expense; stock-based compensation and related expense; transaction costs; and expenses related to non-ordinary course disputes. The Company calculates "adjusted EBITDA margin" by dividing adjusted EBITDA by net revenues. The Company calculates "free cash flow" as net cash (used in) provided by operating activities reduced by capital expenditures, including purchases of property and equipment and capitalized software development costs.

Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included below under the heading "Reconciliations of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures."

The Company has also included herein "active customers," "net revenues per active customer" and "average order value," which are key operational and business metrics that are important to understanding Company performance. The Company believes the number of active customers is an important indicator of growth as it reflects the reach of the Company's digital platform, brand awareness and overall value proposition. The Company defines an active customer as a unique customer account that has made at least one purchase in the preceding 12-month period. In any particular period, the Company determines the number of active customers by counting the total number of customers who have made at least one purchase in the preceding 12-month period, measured from the last date of such period. The Company believes measuring net revenues per active customer is important to understanding engagement and retention of customers, and as such, the value proposition for its customer base. The Company defines net revenues per active customer as the sum of total net revenues in the preceding 12-month period divided by the current period active customers. The Company defines average order value as the sum of the total net revenues in a given period divided by the total orders placed in that period. Total orders are the summation of all completed individual purchase transactions in a given period. The Company believes its relatively high average order value demonstrates the premium nature of its products. As the Company expands into and increases its presence in additional product categories, price points and international markets, average order value may fluctuate.

Active customers as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, net revenues per active customer as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and average order value for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, are presented below under the heading "Key Operating Metrics."

About FIGS

FIGS is a founder-led, direct-to-consumer healthcare apparel and lifestyle brand that seeks to celebrate, empower, and serve current and future generations of healthcare professionals. We create technically advanced apparel and products that feature an unmatched combination of comfort, durability, function, and style. We share stories about healthcare professionals' experiences in ways that inspire them. We create meaningful connections within the healthcare community that we created. Above all, we seek to make an impact for our community, including by advocating for them and always having their backs.

We serve healthcare professionals in numerous countries in North America, Europe, the Asia Pacific region and the Middle East. We also serve healthcare institutions through our TEAMS platform.

Forward Looking Statements

This press release contains various forward-looking statements about the Company within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended, that are based on current management expectations, and which involve substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed in, or implied by, such forward-looking statements. All statements contained in this press release that do not relate to matters of historical fact should be considered forward-looking. These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words "anticipate", "believe", "contemplate", "continue", "could", "estimate", "expect", "forecast", "future", "intend", "may", "might", "opportunity", "outlook", "plan", "possible", "potential", "predict", "project," "should", "strategy", "strive", "target", "will" or "would", the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions. The absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements address various matters, including the Company's expectation regarding the impact of macroeconomic factors on its future performance; the Company's plans to reignite demand, including actions to rebuild momentum and reignite its word of mouth flywheel; the Company's expectation relating to its strategic initiatives and the long term potential of FIGS; the Company's plans for a permanent Chief Financial Officer and expectations regarding the transition period, including Ms. Turenshine's plans to serve as an advisor to ensure a smooth transition following her resignation; and the information under the section titled "2024 Financial Outlook," such as the Company's outlook as to net revenues growth and adjusted EBITDA margin for the full year ending December 31, 2024; all of which reflect the Company's expectations based upon currently available information and data. Because such statements are based on expectations as to future financial and operating results and are not statements of fact, the Company's actual results, performance or achievements may differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements, and you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. The following important factors and uncertainties, among others, could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements: the Company's ability to maintain its historical growth; the Company's ability to maintain profitability; the Company's ability to maintain the value and reputation of its brand; the Company's ability to attract new customers, retain existing customers, and to maintain or increase sales to those customers; the success of the Company's marketing efforts; the Company's ability to maintain a strong community of engaged customers and Ambassadors; negative publicity related to the Company's marketing efforts or use of social media; the Company's ability to successfully develop and introduce new, innovative and updated products; the competitiveness of the market for healthcare apparel; the Company's ability to maintain its key employees; the Company's ability to attract and retain highly skilled team members; risks associated with expansion into, and conducting business in, international markets; changes in, or disruptions to, the Company's shipping arrangements; the successful operation of the Company's distribution and warehouse management systems; the Company's ability to accurately forecast customer demand, manage its inventory, and plan for future expenses; the impact of changes in consumer confidence, shopping behavior and consumer spending on demand for the Company's products; the impact of macroeconomic trends on the Company's operations; the Company's reliance on a limited number of third-party suppliers; the fluctuating costs of raw materials; the Company's failure to protect proprietary, confidential or sensitive or personal customer data or risks of cyberattacks; the Company's failure to protect its intellectual property rights; the fact that the operations of many of the Company's suppliers and vendors are subject to additional risks that are beyond its control; and other risks, uncertainties and factors discussed in the "Risk Factors" section of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), and the Company's other periodic filings with the SEC. The forward-looking statements in this press release speak only as of the time made and the Company does not undertake to update or revise them to reflect future events or circumstances.

The following table presents a reconciliation of net income, as adjusted to net income, which is the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP, and presents diluted earnings per share ("EPS"), as adjusted with diluted EPS:

Exclusively represents attorney's fees, costs and expenses incurred by the Company in connection with the Company's now-concluded litigation against Strategic Partners, Inc.

Includes certain stock-based compensation expense in connection with the IPO, including expense related to accelerated performance awards and associated payroll taxes and costs.

Includes other than temporary impairment of held-to-maturity investments.

The following table presents a reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA to net income, which is the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP, and presents adjusted EBITDA margin with net income margin, which is the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP:

Excludes amortization of debt issuance costs included in "Other income, net."

Includes stock-based compensation expense, payroll taxes, and costs related to equity award activity.

Exclusively represents attorney's fees, costs and expenses incurred by the Company in connection with the Company's now-concluded litigation against Strategic Partners, Inc.

Net income margin represents net income as a percentage of net revenues.

The following table presents a reconciliation of free cash flow to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities, which is the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP:

Active customers as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, net revenues per active customer as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and average order value for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, are presented in the following tables:

DocGo Inc. (Nasdaq: DCGO) ("DocGo" or the "Company"), a leading provider of technology-enabled mobile health services in 30 states and the UK, today announced financial and operating results for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2023.

Select Corporate Highlights for the Fourth Quarter 2023 and Recent Weeks

Lee Bienstock, Chief Executive Officer of DocGo, commented, "I am extremely proud of our operational execution during the fourth quarter across all three of our key market verticals. Our payer relationships continue to expand with commercial rollouts in Michigan, Connecticut and New Jersey in late 2023. Our work with major hospital systems has continued to grow as well, and we operate government population health programs in Arizona, California, Michigan, New York, and Tennessee." Bienstock concluded, "While our business continues to deliver for underserved populations like the homeless and asylum seekers, our impact and reach extends far beyond that, providing medical transportation for hundreds of hospitals, deploying vaccination programs in multiple states, monitoring tens of thousands of cardiac patients, closing care gaps for bed bound chronically ill and so much more. In summary, our goal remains the same, to continue bringing healthcare to people where and when they need it and to help keep them out of the hospital, and we are seeing great success with this effort."

Norm Rosenberg, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of DocGo, also commented, "Within our 2024 guidance, we have assumed some moderation in migrant-related revenues as the year progresses. At the same time, we expect to see the significant startup costs associated with recent migrant-related program launches continue to abate. We are seeing a variety of forces come together to drive increased profitability, and we expect that trend to continue over the coming quarters. Our agency labor and overtime utilization rates have begun to moderate after a surge to support the strong revenue growth we experienced in the second half of 2023. There is typically a slight lag as these leading indicators transition to improved profitability, and we observed that play out late in 2023 and early in 2024."

To access the Call me feature, which avoids the need to wait for an operator, click here.

The webcast can be accessed under Events on the Investors section of the Company's website, https://ir.docgo.com/.

About DocGo

DocGo is leading the proactive healthcare revolution with an innovative care delivery platform that includes mobile health services, remote patient monitoring and ambulance services. DocGo disrupts the traditional four-wall healthcare system by providing high quality, highly affordable care to patients where and when they need it. DocGo's proprietary technology and dedicated field staff of certified health professionals elevate the quality of patient care and drive business efficiencies for facilities, hospital networks and health insurance providers. With Mobile Health, DocGo empowers the full promise and potential of telehealth by facilitating healthcare treatment, in tandem with a remote physician, in the comfort of a patient's home or workplace. Together with DocGo's integrated Ambulnz medical transport services, DocGo is bridging the gap between physical and virtual care. For more information, please visit docgo.com.

Forward-Looking Statements

This earnings release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, regarding, among other things, the plans, strategies, outcomes, and prospects, both business and financial, of the Company. These statements are based on the beliefs and assumptions of the Company's management. Although the Company believes that its plans, intentions and expectations reflected in or suggested by these forward-looking statements are reasonable, the Company cannot assure you that it will achieve or realize these plans, intentions, outcomes, results or expectations. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on such statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking, including, but not limited, to statements regarding the Company's future actions, business strategies or models, plans, goals, future events, future revenues, future margins, current and future revenue guidance, future growth or performance, financing needs, business trends, results of operations, objectives and intentions with respect to future operations, services and products, and new and existing contracts or partnerships. In some cases, these statements may be preceded by, followed by or include the words "believes," "estimates," "expects," "projects," "forecasts," "may," "might," "will," "should," "could," "can," "would," "design," "potential," "seeks," "plans," "scheduled," "anticipates," "intends" or the negative of these terms or similar expressions.

Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to substantial risks, uncertainties and assumptions, many of which are beyond the Company's control, and which may cause the Company's actual results or outcomes, or the timing of results or outcomes, to differ materially from those contained in the Company's forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to the following: the Company's ability to successfully implement its business strategy; the Company's reliance on and ability to maintain its contractual relationships with its healthcare provider partners and clients; the Company's ability to compete effectively in a highly competitive industry; the Company's ability to maintain existing contracts; the Company's reliance on government contracts; the Company's ability to effectively manage its growth; the Company's financial performance and future prospects; the Company's ability to deliver on its business strategies or models, plans and goals; the Company's ability to expand geographically; the Company's ability to deliver on its margin normalization initiative; the Company's ability to maintain and roll out its backlog; the Company's M&A activity; the Company's ability to retain its workforce and management personnel and successfully manage leadership transitions; the Company's ability to collect on customer receivables; the Company's ability to maintain its cash position; risks associated with the Company's share repurchase program; expected impacts of macroeconomic factors, including inflationary pressures, general economic slowdown or a recession, rising interest rates, foreign exchange rate volatility, changes in monetary pressure, financial institution instability or the prospect of a shutdown of the U.S. federal government; potential changes in federal, state or local government policies regarding immigration and asylum seekers; expected impacts of geopolitical instability; the Company's competitive position and opportunities, including its ability to realize the benefits from its operating model; the Company's ability to improve gross margins; the Company's ability to implement cost-containment measures; legislative and regulatory actions; the impact of legal proceedings and compliance risk; volatility of the Company's stock price; the impact on the Company's business and reputation in the event of information technology system failures, network disruptions, cybersecurity incidents or losses or unauthorized access to, or release of, confidential information; and the ability of the Company to comply with laws and regulations regarding data privacy and protection and other risk factors included in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Moreover, the Company operates in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for the Company to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this earnings release. The results, events, and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur, and actual results or outcomes could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements.

The forward-looking statements made in this earnings release are based on events or circumstances as of the date on which the statements are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this earnings release to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this earnings release or to reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as and to the extent required by law. The Company's forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures or investments.

The following information provides definitions and reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures used by the Company to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"). The Company has provided this non-GAAP financial information, which is not calculated or presented in accordance with GAAP, as information supplemental and in addition to the financial measures presented in this earnings release that are calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. Such non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered superior to, as a substitute for or alternative to, and should be considered in conjunction with, the GAAP financial measures presented in this earnings release. The non-GAAP financial measures used by the Company may differ from similarly titled measures used by other companies.

Adjusted EBITDA

Adjusted EBITDA is considered a non-GAAP financial measure under the Securities and Exchange Commission's ("SEC") rules because it excludes certain amounts included in net income (loss) calculated in accordance with GAAP. Specifically, adjusted EBITDA is arrived at by taking reported GAAP net income and adding back the following items: net interest expense (income), provision for (benefit from) income taxes, depreciation and amortization, other (income) expense, non-cash equity-based compensation and certain other non-recurring expenses consisting of certain one-time legal settlements and certain other one-time expenses incurred in connection with acquisitions and other corporate activities, beyond those that are typically incurred.

The Company's management believes that its adjusted EBITDA measure is useful in evaluating DocGo's operating performance, as the calculation of this measure generally eliminates the effect of financing and income taxes and the accounting effects of capital spending and acquisitions, as well as other items of a non-recurring and/or non-cash nature. Adjusted EBITDA is not intended to be a measure of GAAP cash flow, as this measure does not consider certain cash-based expenses, such as payments for taxes or debt service.

Management believes that using adjusted EBITDA in conjunction with GAAP measures such as net income assists investors in getting a more complete picture of the Company's financial results and operations, affording them with a more complete view of what management considers to be the Company's core operating performance as well as offering the ability to assess such performance as compared with that of prior periods and management's public guidance. While many companies use adjusted EBITDA as a performance measure, not all companies use identical calculations for determining adjusted EBITDA. As such, DocGo's presentation of adjusted EBITDA might not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies.

Adjusted EBITDA Margin

Adjusted EBITDA margin is considered a non-GAAP measure under SEC rules. It is calculated by dividing adjusted EBITDA by revenues. Management believes using adjusted EBITDA margin in conjunction with GAAP measures, such as gross margin and/or net margin, is useful to investors because it assists investors in getting a more complete view of what management considers the Company's core operating performance, as expressed in marginal terms. While many companies use adjusted EBITDA margin as a performance measure, not all companies use identical calculations for determining adjusted EBITDA margin. As such, DocGo's presentation of adjusted EBITDA margin might not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies.

Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures

The table below reflects the reconciliation of net income to adjusted EBITDA for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2023 compared to the same periods in 2022 (in millions):

EVERTEC, Inc. (NYSE: EVTC) ("Evertec" or the "Company") today announced results for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2023.

Fourth Quarter 2023 Highlights and Recent Highlights

Full Year 2023 Highlights

Mac Schuessler, President and Chief Executive Officer stated "We are pleased to deliver another year of strong results as we continue to execute in our core markets and benefit from strong organic growth. As we look to 2024 we will continue to focus on delivering great solutions to our clients that will drive growth and on integrating our most recent acquisitions as we become the true provider of Latin America Payments and Solutions."

Fourth Quarter 2023 Results

Revenue. Total revenue for the quarter ended December 31, 2023 was $194.6 million, an increase of 20.3%, compared with $161.8 million in the prior year. The increase in revenues primarily reflects growth in our Latin America business as it benefited from the Sinqia acquisition we closed during the fourth quarter as well as from strong organic growth and the paySmart acquisition completed in the first quarter. We also benefited from strong POS transaction volumes that positively impacted our Payments Puerto Rico and Caribbean segment.

Net Income attributable to common shareholders. For the quarter ended December 31, 2023, GAAP Net Income attributable to common shareholders was $11.5 million or $0.17 per diluted share, a decrease of $17.2 million, compared with $28.7 million or $0.44 per diluted share in the prior year. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased primarily as a result of expenses incurred as part of closing and integration of Sinqia, as well as an increase in personnel costs. Cost of revenues increased mainly due to an increase in personnel costs, which includes the added headcount from the acquisitions completed throughout the year, and an increase in professional fees and cloud services. The quarter results also reflect an increase in interest expense in connection with financing the Sinqia acquisition.

Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin. For the quarter ended December 31, 2023, Adjusted EBITDA was $71.7 million, an increase of $2.5 million compared to the prior year. The increase in adjusted EBITDA was mainly driven by the contribution from the Sinqia acquisition. Adjusted EBITDA margin (Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of total revenue) decreased approximately 590 basis points to 36.8% compared with 42.7% in the prior year, partially driven by the completion of the Sinqia acquisition, which contributes at a lower margin, as well as the impact from the increased expenses discussed above.

Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted earnings per common share. For the quarter ended December 31, 2023, Adjusted Net Income was $40.8 million, a decrease of 6% compared with $43.4 million in the prior year. Adjusted earnings per common share was $0.62, a decrease of 6% compared with $0.66 in the prior year. The decrease was primarily driven by higher interest expense resulting from the increased debt raised to finance the Sinqia acquisition, higher operating depreciation and amortization, partially offset by a lower adjusted effective tax rate.

Full Year 2023 Results

Revenue. Total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2023 was $694.7 million, an increase of 12% compared with $618.4 million in the prior year, reflecting growth across LATAM Payments and Solutions, Payment Services - Puerto Rico & Caribbean, and the Merchant Acquiring segments. Latin America revenues benefited from strong organic growth throughout the year including the $6.3 million impact from our Getnet Chile contract in the third quarter and the contribution from the BBR, paySmart and Sinqia acquisitions. Puerto Rico revenues benefited from strong sales volume and transaction growth as well as the effect of pricing initiatives impacting our Merchant Acquiring segment.

Net Income attributable to common shareholders. For the year ended December 31, 2023, GAAP Net Income attributable to common shareholders was $79.7 million, or $1.21 per diluted share, a decrease compared with $239.0 million or $3.45 per diluted share in the prior year. The decrease was primarily driven by the impact in the prior year of the $135.6 million gain recognized in connection with closing the Popular Transaction and the loss on foreign currency swap of $24.1 million related to the Sinqia acquisition in 2023. Partially offsetting these negative impacts was the increase in revenues discussed above and a decrease in income tax expense as the prior year reflected the impact from the gain from the Popular transaction.

Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin. For the year ended December 31, 2023, Adjusted EBITDA was $292.0 million, an increase of 6% compared to the prior year. The increase in Adjusted EBITDA primarily reflects the increase in revenues discussed above, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses. Adjusted EBITDA margin (Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of total revenues) decreased 262 basis points to 42.0% compared with 44.7% in the prior year. The decrease in Adjusted EBITDA margin primarily reflects the expected impact from the Popular transaction on margin due to the sale of higher margin assets in the prior year and the effect of a full year of the Merchant Acquiring sharing agreement, as well as the effect of the Sinqia acquisition which is contributing at a lower margin.

Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted earnings per common share. For the year ended December 31, 2023, Adjusted Net Income was $185.5 million, an increase of 6% compared with $175.1 million in the prior year. The increase was driven by the higher adjusted EBITDA, partially offset by higher operating depreciation and amortization and higher interest expense. Adjusted earnings per common share were $2.82, an increase of 11% compared with $2.53 in the prior year. The increase was driven by the increase in adjusted net income and a lower share count that reflects the impact from the share repurchases and the shares received as part of the Popular Transaction.

Stock Repurchase

The Company intends to enter into an ASR agreement for $70 million of the Company's common stock. The Company expects the ASR will become effective in the coming weeks and the final settlement of the ASR is expected to be completed in the third quarter of 2024.

During the quarter, the Company repurchased 344,715 shares of its common stock at an average price of $36.82 for a total of $12.5 million. For the full year 2023, the Company repurchased 1.0 million shares of its common stock at an average price of $35.75 per share for a total of $36.1 million. At December 31, 2023, the Company's share repurchase program had approximately $137.5 million remaining and authorized for future use. The Company may repurchase shares in the open market, through accelerated share repurchase programs, 10b5-1 plans, or in privately negotiated transactions, subject to business opportunities and other factors.

2024 Outlook

The Company's financial outlook for 2024 is as follows:

Earnings Conference Call and Audio Webcast

The Company will host a conference call to discuss its fourth quarter and full year 2023 financial results today at 4:30 p.m. ET. Hosting the call will be Mac Schuessler, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Joaquin Castrillo, Chief Financial Officer. The conference call can be accessed live over the phone by dialing (888) 338-7153 or for international callers by dialing (412) 317-5117. A replay will be available one hour after the end of the conference call and can be accessed by dialing (877) 344-7529 or (412) 317-0088 for international callers; the pin number is 3065281. The replay will be available through Wednesday, March 6, 2024. The call will be webcast live from the Company's website at www.evertecinc.com under the Investor Relations section or directly at http://ir.evertecinc.com. A supplemental slide presentation that accompanies this call and webcast can be found on the investor relations website at ir.evertecinc.com and will remain available after the call.

About EVERTEC

EVERTEC, Inc. (NYSE: EVTC) is a leading full-service transaction processing business in Puerto Rico, the Caribbean and Latin America, providing a broad range of merchant acquiring, payment services and business process management services. Evertec owns and operates the ATH network, one of the leading personal identification number ("PIN") debit networks in Latin America. In addition, the Company processes over six billion transactions annually and manages a system of electronic payment networks in Puerto Rico and Latin America and offers a comprehensive suite of services for core banking, cash processing, and fulfillment in Puerto Rico. Additionally, the Company offers technology outsourcing and payment transactions fraud monitoring to all the regions it serves. Based in Puerto Rico, the Company operates in 26 Latin American countries and serves a diversified customer base of leading financial institutions, merchants, corporations and government agencies with "mission-critical" technology solutions. For more information, visit www.evertecinc.com.

Use of Non-GAAP Financial Information

The non-GAAP measures referenced in this earnings release are supplemental measures of the Company's performance and are not required by, or presented in accordance with, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP"). They are not measurements of the Company's financial performance under GAAP and should not be considered as alternatives to total revenue, net income or any other performance measures derived in accordance with GAAP or as alternatives to cash flows from operating activities, as indicators of operating performance or as measures of the Company's liquidity. In addition to GAAP measures, management uses these non-GAAP measures to focus on the factors the Company believes are pertinent to the daily management of the Company's operations and believes that they are also frequently used by analysts, investors and other stakeholders to evaluate companies in our industry. These measures have certain limitations in that they do not include the impact of certain expenses that are reflected in our condensed consolidated statements of operations that are necessary to run our business. Other companies, including other companies in our industry, may not use these measures or may calculate these measures differently than as presented herein, limiting their usefulness as comparative measures.

Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure are included at the end of this earnings release. These non-GAAP measures include EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Earnings per common share, each as defined below. Effective for the quarter ended March 31, 2023, the Company modified the manner in which it calculates Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted earnings per common share to exclude the impact of unrealized gains and losses from foreign currency remeasurement for assets and liabilities denominated in non-functional currencies. These non-cash unrealized gains and losses are non-operational in nature and we believe that excluding these better presents the overall financial performance of our core business, and helps facilitate comparison with industry peers. The Company has recast prior periods to conform with the modified definition of Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Earnings per common share.

EBITDA is defined as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization.

Adjusted EBITDA is defined as EBITDA further adjusted to exclude certain non-cash items and unusual expenses such as: share-based compensation, restructuring related expenses, fees and expenses from corporate transactions such as M&A activity and financing, equity investment income net of dividends received, and the impact from unrealized gains and losses on foreign currency remeasurement for assets and liabilities in non-functional currency. This measure is reported to the chief operating decision maker for purposes of making decisions about allocating resources to the segments and assessing their performance. For this reason, Adjusted EBITDA, as it relates to the Company's segments, is presented in conformity with Accounting Standards Codification 280, Segment Reporting, and is excluded from the definition of non-GAAP financial measures under the Securities and Exchange Commission's Regulation G and Item 10(e) of Regulation S-K. The Company's presentation of Adjusted EBITDA is substantially consistent with the equivalent measurements that are contained in the secured credit facilities in testing EVERTEC Group's compliance with covenants therein such as the secured leverage ratio.

Adjusted Net Income is defined as Adjusted EBITDA less: operating depreciation and amortization expense, defined as GAAP Depreciation and amortization less amortization of intangibles related to acquisitions such as customer relationships, trademarks; cash interest expense defined as GAAP interest expense, less GAAP interest income adjusted to exclude non-cash amortization of debt issue costs, premium and accretion of discount; income tax expense which is calculated on adjusted pre-tax income using the applicable GAAP tax rate, adjusted for uncertain tax position releases, tax true-ups, windfall from share-based compensation, unrealized gains and losses from foreign currency remeasurement, among others; and non-controlling interests, net of amortization for intangibles created as part of the purchase.

Adjusted Earnings per common share is defined as Adjusted Net Income divided by diluted shares outstanding.

The Company uses Adjusted Net Income to measure the Company's overall profitability because the Company believes it better reflects the comparable operating performance by excluding the impact of the non-cash amortization and depreciation that was created as a result of merger and acquisition activity. In addition, in evaluating EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Earnings per common share, you should be aware that in the future the Company may incur expenses such as those excluded in calculating them.

Forward-Looking Statements

Certain statements in this earnings release constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of, and subject to the protection of, the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements contained in this press release other than statements of historical facts, including, without limitation, statements regarding our ability to meet our guidance expectations for revenue, earnings per share, Adjusted earnings per common share, capital expenditures and effective tax rate, including for fiscal year 2023, are forward looking statements. Words such as "believes," "expects," "anticipates," "intends," "projects," "estimates," and "plans" and similar expressions of future or conditional verbs such as "will," "should," "would," "may," and "could" are generally forward-looking in nature and not historical facts.

Various factors that could cause actual future results and other future events to differ materially from those estimated by management include, but are not limited to: our reliance on our relationship with Popular, Inc. ("Popular") for a significant portion of our revenues pursuant to our second amended and restated Master Services Agreement ("MSA") with them, and as it may impact our ability to grow our business; our ability to renew our client contracts on terms favorable to us, including but not limited to the current term and any extension of the MSA with Popular; our dependence on our processing systems, technology infrastructure, security systems and fraudulent payment detection systems, as well as on our personnel and certain third parties with whom we do business, and the risks to our business if our systems are hacked or otherwise compromised; our ability to develop, install and adopt new software, technology and computing systems; a decreased client base due to consolidations and/or failures in the financial services industry; the credit risk of our merchant clients, for which we may also be liable; the continuing market position of the ATH network; a reduction in consumer confidence, whether as a result of a global economic downturn or otherwise, which leads to a decrease in consumer spending; our dependence on credit card associations, including any adverse changes in credit card association or network rules or fees; changes in the regulatory environment and changes in macroeconomic, market, international, legal, tax, political, or administrative conditions, including inflation or the risk of recession; the geographical concentration of our business in Puerto Rico, including our business with the government of Puerto Rico and its instrumentalities, which are facing severe political and fiscal challenges; additional adverse changes in the general economic conditions in Puerto Rico, whether as a result of the government's debt crisis or otherwise, including the continued migration of Puerto Ricans to the U.S. mainland, which could negatively affect our customer base, general consumer spending, our cost of operations and our ability to hire and retain qualified employees; operating an international business in Latin America and the Caribbean, in jurisdictions with potential political and economic instability; the impact of foreign exchange rates on operations; our ability to protect our intellectual property rights against infringement and to defend ourselves against claims of infringement brought by third parties; our ability to comply with U.S. federal, state, local and foreign regulatory requirements; evolving industry standards and adverse changes in global economic, political and other conditions; our level of indebtedness and the impact of rising interest rates, restrictions contained in our debt agreements, including the secured credit facilities, as well as debt that could be incurred in the future; our ability to prevent a cybersecurity attack or breach to our information security; the possibility that we could lose our preferential tax rate in Puerto Rico; our inability to integrate Sinqia successfully into the Company or to achieve expected accretion to our earnings per common share; any loss of personnel or customers in connection with the Transaction; any cost and other terms of new debt financing incurred in connection with the Transaction; and any possibility of future catastrophic hurricanes, earthquakes and other potential natural disasters affecting our main markets in Latin America and the Caribbean; and the other factors set forth under "Part 1, Item 1A. Risk Factors," in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on or about February 29, 2024, as any such factors may be updated from time to time in the Company's filings with the SEC. The Company undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to any forward-looking statements, to report events or to report the occurrence of unanticipated events unless it is required to do so by law.

LOUISVILLE, Colo., Feb. 28, 2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Sovos Brands, Inc. ("Sovos Brands" or the "Company") (Nasdaq: SOVO), one of the fastest-growing food companies of scale in the United States, today reported financial results for its fourth quarter and fiscal year ended December 30, 2023.

"Fiscal year 2023 was a landmark year for Sovos Brands," commented Todd Lachman, Chief Executive Officer. "Our team delivered sector-leading, volume-driven top and bottom-line growth, surpassing $1 billion of net sales and $150 million of adjusted EBITDA, expanded margins by nearly 200 bps and improved net leverage to 1.6x. Notably, net sales growth was driven primarily by volumes in contrast to most of our peers."

Mr. Lachman continued, "I am also excited that we are one step closer to completing our previously announced merger with Campbell's for $23 per share, reflecting a 92% return for shareholders from our September 2021 IPO price. Our success would not have been possible without our tenacious and highly talented team and partners who continue to execute with excellence every day."

Campbell Soup Company ("Campbell's") Merger Update

As previously disclosed, on August 7, 2023, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement") with Campbell's and Premium Products Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Campbell's ("Merger Sub"). The Merger Agreement provides, among other things, that subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth therein, including the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR Act"), Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company (the "Merger") with the Company surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of Campbell's. As previously disclosed in a Form 8-K filed on October 23, 2023, the Company and Campbell's each received a request for additional information (the "Second Request") from the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (the "FTC") in connection with the FTC's review of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, which extended the waiting period under the HSR Act until 30 days after both the Company and Campbell's substantially complied with the Second Request. As previously disclosed in a Form 8-K filed on February 13, 2024 (the "February 13, 2024 Form 8-K"), the Company and Campbell's issued a joint press release announcing that both companies had certified substantial compliance with the Second Request. As previously disclosed in the February 13, 2024 Form 8-K, the certification of substantial compliance triggered the start of the 30-day waiting period under the HSR Act, which is expected to expire on March 11, 2024, after which the Merger can be finalized. Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of customary closing conditions, the Company continues to expect to complete the Merger within days of the March 11, 2024 expiration date.

Summary of Reported (GAAP) and Adjusted Results

Summary of Reported and Organic Net Sales Growth - Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2023

Net sales of $292.1 million increased 11.4% year-over-year, representing the tenth consecutive quarter of double-digit net sales growth since IPO. Organic net sales growth of 25.3% was driven by 21.7% volume and 3.6% price, reflecting another robust performance from the Rao's franchise, which grew 34.7% year-over-year on an organic basis.

Gross profit of $87.5 million increased 15.2% versus the prior year period. Gross margin was 30.0%, up 100-basis points from the prior year period. Adjusted gross profit of $87.5 million increased 14.3% year-over-year driven primarily by volume growth. Adjusted gross margin was 30.0%, an 80-basis point improvement versus the prior year period, reflecting benefits from productivity and pricing that were partially offset by inflation.

Total operating expenses of $57.4 million decreased 44.9% year-over-year, driven by the year-ago Loss on Asset Sale related to the sale of the Birch Benders brand and certain related assets. Adjusted operating expense of $44.4 million increased 4.6% versus the prior year period, reflecting a 12.4% year-over-year increase in combined marketing and R&D investments, higher volume-driven selling expenses and continued investments in our talent.

Net interest expense was $8.1 million, a decline of $1.4 million as compared to the prior year period due to higher interest income as a result of higher cash balances.

Net income was $15.5 million, 5.3% of net sales, or $0.15 per diluted share. This compared to a net loss of $28.7 million, or $(0.28) per diluted share in the prior year period. Adjusted net income was $26.8 million, or $0.26 per diluted share, as compared to adjusted net income of $19.6 million or $0.19 per diluted share in the prior year period.

Adjusted EBITDA of $46.0 million increased 24.3% versus the prior year period, benefitting from adjusted gross profit growth and adjusted operating expense leverage while reinvesting meaningfully into marketing and R&D. Adjusted EBITDA margin was 15.7%, up 160-basis points versus the prior year period.

Balance Sheet and Cash Flow Highlights

As of December 30, 2023, cash and cash equivalents were $232.0 million and total debt was $484.0 million, resulting in a net debt to last twelve months adjusted EBITDA ratio of 1.6x.

Cash from operating activities for the full fiscal year was $105.3 million, a $59.9 million increase as compared to the prior year period. Higher cash flow was driven by improved profitability and working capital. Full year capital expenditures were $11.9 million.

Fiscal Year 2024 Outlook

Due to the pending merger with Campbell's, Sovos Brands will not be providing forward looking guidance.

Footnotes:

(1) Organic net sales and organic net sales growth are defined as reported net sales or reported net sales growth excluding, when they occur, the impact of a 53rd week of shipments as well as acquisitions and divestitures. For discussions of fourth quarter and fiscal year 2023 results, organic net sales and organic net sales growth excluded the impact of the Birch Benders divestiture and the 53 week in the prior year.

(2) Source: Market performance refers to dollar sales and unit growth rates as reported by Circana MULO in the 13-week or 52-week period ended December 31, 2023 and, as applicable, as compared to the 13-week or 52-week period ended January 1, 2023. Household penetration refers to data reported by Circana All Outlet for the 52-week period ended December 31, 2023 and, as applicable, as compared to the 52-week period ended January 1, 2023.

(3) Adjusted gross profit, adjusted gross margin, adjusted operating expense, adjusted operating income, EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA margin, adjusted net income, and adjusted diluted EPS are non-GAAP measures. For additional information, including a reconciliation of adjusted results to the most directly comparable measures presented in accordance with GAAP, see the Non-GAAP Financial Information and Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures sections of this release.

(4) Net leverage is defined as Net Debt (Total Debt minus Cash) divided by trailing twelve month adjusted EBITDA.

Earnings Conference Call Details

Due to the pending merger with Campbell's, Sovos Brands will not be holding an earnings call. Press release materials are available publicly on the Investor Relations section of the Company's website at ir.sovosbrands.com.

About Sovos Brands, Inc.

Sovos Brands, Inc. is a consumer-packaged food company focused on building disruptive growth brands that bring today's consumers great tasting food that fits the way they live. The Company's product offerings include a variety of pasta sauces, dry pasta, soups, frozen entres, frozen pizza and yogurts, all of which are sold in North America under the brand names Rao's, Michael Angelo's and noosa. All Sovos Brands' products are built with authenticity at their core, providing consumers with one-of-a-kind food experiences that are genuine, delicious, and unforgettable. The Company is headquartered in Louisville, Colorado. For more information on Sovos Brands and its products, please visit www.sovosbrands.com.

In addition to the Company's results which are determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ("GAAP"), the Company believes the following non-GAAP measures presented in this press release are useful in evaluating its operating performance: EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, EBITDA margin, Adjusted EBITDA margin, organic net sales, organic net sales growth, adjusted gross profit, adjusted gross margin, adjusted operating expenses, adjusted operating income, adjusted income tax (expense), adjusted effective tax rate, adjusted net income, and diluted earnings per share from adjusted net income. We define EBITDA as net income (loss) before net interest expense, income tax (expense) benefit, depreciation and amortization. We define Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA adjusted for non-cash equity-based compensation costs, non-recurring costs, gain (loss) on foreign currency contracts, supply chain optimization costs, impairment of goodwill, transaction and integration costs and IPO readiness costs. EBITDA margin is determined by calculating the percentage EBITDA is of net sales. Adjusted EBITDA margin is determined by calculating the percentage Adjusted EBITDA is of net sales. We define organic net sales as reported net sales growth excluding, when they occur, the impact of a 53 week of shipments, acquisitions and divestitures. Organic net sales growth is determined by calculating the percentage of increase or decrease in organic net sales compared to the prior year period. Adjusted gross margin is determined by calculating adjusted gross profit as a percentage of net sales. Adjusted gross profit, adjusted operating expenses, adjusted operating income, adjusted income tax (expense) and adjusted effective tax rate, and adjusted net income consists of gross profit, total operating expenses, operating income (loss), reported income tax (expense) benefit, reported effective tax rate and net income (loss) before non-cash equity-based compensation costs, non-recurring costs, gain (loss) on foreign currency contracts, supply chain optimization costs, impairment of goodwill, transaction and integration costs, IPO readiness costs, acquisition amortization and tax-related adjustments that we do not consider in our evaluation of our ongoing operating performance from period to period as discussed further below. Diluted earnings per share from adjusted net income is determined by dividing adjusted net income by the weighted average diluted shares outstanding. Non-GAAP financial measures are included in this release because they are key metrics used by management to assess our operating performance. Management believes that non-GAAP financial measures are helpful in highlighting performance trends because non-GAAP financial measures eliminate non-recurring and unusual items and non-cash expenses, which we do not consider indicative of ongoing operational performance. Our presentation of non-GAAP financial measures should not be construed to imply that our future results will be unaffected by these items. By providing these non-GAAP financial measures, management believes we are enhancing investors' understanding of our business and our results of operations, as well as assisting investors in evaluating how well we are executing our strategic initiatives.

EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, EBITDA margin, Adjusted EBITDA margin, organic net sales, organic net sales growth, adjusted gross profit, adjusted gross margin, adjusted operating expenses, adjusted operating income, adjusted income tax (expense), adjusted effective tax rate, adjusted net income and diluted earnings per share from adjusted net income are not defined under GAAP. Our use of the terms EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, EBITDA margin, Adjusted EBITDA margin, organic net sales, organic net sales growth, adjusted gross profit, adjusted gross margin, adjusted operating expenses, adjusted operating income, adjusted income tax (expense), adjusted effective tax rate, adjusted net income and diluted earnings per share from adjusted net income may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies in our industry and are not measures of performance calculated in accordance with GAAP. Our presentation of non-GAAP financial measures is intended to provide supplemental measures of our performance that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, GAAP. Non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered as alternatives to operating income (loss), net income (loss), earnings (loss) per share, net sales or any other performance measures derived in accordance with GAAP, or as measures of operating cash flows or liquidity.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the "safe harbor" provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including but not limited to statements regarding the pending merger with Campbell's. These forward-looking statements are based on Sovos Brands' current assumptions, expectations and beliefs and are subject to substantial risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and changes in circumstances that may cause Sovos Brands' actual results, performance, or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement.

With respect to the pending merger with Campbell's, these risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to:

These and other risks and uncertainties, including risks related to our sales and costs, are more fully described in Sovos Brands' filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), including in the Company's Definitive Proxy Statement relating to the proposed transaction filed on September 13, 2023, in the Company's Definitive Additional Materials filed on October 10, 2023, in the section entitled "Risk Factors" in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 30, 2023 and in other filings and reports that Sovos Brands may file from time to time with the SEC. Moreover, Sovos Brands operates in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for management to predict all risks, nor can Sovos Brands assess the impact of all factors on its business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements Sovos Brands may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, Sovos Brands cannot guarantee that future results, levels of activity, performance, achievements, or events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will occur. Forward-looking statements represent managements' beliefs and assumptions only as of the date of this press release. Sovos Brands disclaims any obligation to update forward-looking statements except as required by law.

Revance Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ: RVNC), today reported financial results for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2023 and provided a corporate update.

Financial Highlights

"With the continued growth of DAXXIFY and the RHA Collection and our launch into the therapeutics market this year, we are well positioned to execute on our strategic priorities and achieve our product revenue guidance of at least $280 million in 2024," said Mark J. Foley, Chief Executive Officer, Revance. "We continue to be encouraged by the sequential growth in DAXXIFY sales volumes since launch driven by our commercial strategy and initiatives, which are centered on our commitment to building strong provider partnerships. Together with the RHA Collection, which is the fastest growing filler in the market, we remain optimistic about our blockbuster opportunity in aesthetics and look forward to building on our launch momentum and capitalizing on our portfolio synergies."

Foley continued, "In therapeutics, we are excited to realize another key milestone in the launch of DAXXIFY for cervical dystonia. We received our J-Code in early January and have already achieved greater than 50% commercial coverage ahead of launch, underscoring the team's ability to execute and the strong potential for DAXXIFY in the large and growing therapeutics botulinum toxin market. To date, we have treated more than 300 patients across ~30 practices as part of our PrevU program, generating positive feedback on the real-world clinical profile of DAXXIFY. I would like to thank our therapeutics team for their incredible work to bring to market a compelling treatment alternative for cervical dystonia patients. Looking ahead, 2024 will be a dynamic year for Revance. Our focused investments to drive commercial growth combined with our disciplined expense management will not only support our ability to reach our corporate objectives for the year but also achieve positive Adjusted EBITDA in 2025."

Fourth Quarter Highlights and Subsequent Updates

Revance will host a corresponding conference call and a live webcast at 1:30 p.m. PT / 4:30 p.m. ET on February 28, 2024, to discuss its financial results and provide a corporate update. Individuals interested in listening to the conference call may do so by dialing (833) 470-1428 for U.S callers and (929) 526-1599 for other locations and reference conference ID 643827 or from the webcast link in the investor relations section of the company's website at: www.revance.com.

A replay of the call will be available beginning February 28, 2024, at 4:30 p.m. PT / 7:30 p.m. ET to May 28, 2024 at 4:30 p.m. PT / 7:30 p.m. ET. To access the replay, please register through the webcast link found in the investor relations section of the company's website. The webcast will be available in the investor relations section of the company's website for 90 days following the completion of the call.

About Revance

Revance is a biotechnology company setting the new standard in healthcare with innovative aesthetic and therapeutic offerings that enhance patient outcomes and physician experiences. Revance's portfolio includes DAXXIFY (DaxibotulinumtoxinA-lanm) for injection and the RHA Collection of dermal fillers in the U.S. Revance has also partnered with Viatris Inc. to develop a biosimilar to onabotulinumtoxinA for injection and Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical to commercialize DAXXIFY in China.

Revance's global headquarters and experience center is located in Nashville, Tennessee. Learn more at Revance.com, RevanceAesthetics.com, DAXXIFY.com, HCP.DAXXIFYCervicalDystonia.com, or connect with us on LinkedIn.

"Revance", the Revance logo, and DAXXIFY are registered trademarks of Revance Therapeutics, Inc. Resilient Hyaluronic Acid and RHA are trademarks of TEOXANE SA.

Forward-Looking Statements

Any statements in this press release that are not statements of historical fact, including statements related to our guidance, including 2024 revenue and operating, selling, general and administrative expense guidance and related guidance assumptions, anticipated product revenue and volume growth; our blockbuster potential; our expected cash flow breakeven; our ability and timing related to achieving positive Adjusted EBITDA; our ability to execute our strategic priorities; our capital requirements and capital allocation plans; our potential to strengthen relationships with healthcare providers; the impact of our pricing strategy on our results, customer support and DAXXIFY adoption; the timing and plans related to the launch of DAXXIFY for the treatment of cervical dystonia; the commercial success of DAXXIFY; the exit of the OPUL payments business and anticipated cost savings generated by the exit; international expansion; the RHA Collection of dermal fillers, including products pipeline, the launch of new indications and our ability to capitalize on portfolio synergies; the growth potential of our products, business and the market; our ability to increase product adoption; the potential to set a new standard of care; the potential benefits of our products, including efficacy, duration, fast-onset, improvement in skin quality and safety; our strategic partnerships; the anticipated approvals of DAXXIFY and commercialization of DAXXIFY through our Fosun partnership; development of a biosimilar to onabotulinumtoxinA for injection with our partner, Viatris; and our business and marketing strategy, and timeline, goals, plans and prospects, including our commercialization plans; constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee that the future results, levels of activity, performance, events, circumstances or achievements reflected in the forward-looking statements will ever be achieved or occur.

Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and the timing of events to differ materially from our expectations. These risks and uncertainties relate to, but are not limited to: our ability to obtain funding for our operations; the timing of capital expenditures; the accuracy of our estimates regarding expenses, revenues, capital requirements, cost savings related to the divestiture of the OPUL payments business and supply chain and operational efficiencies; our financial performance and the economics of DAXXIFY and the RHA Collection of dermal fillers; the extent of future impairment charges; our ability to comply with our debt obligations; the impact of macroeconomic factors on our manufacturing operations, supply chain, end user demand for our products, commercialization efforts, business operations, regulatory meetings, inspections and approvals, clinical trials and other aspects of our business and on the market; our ability to maintain approval of our products; our ability and the ability of our partners to manufacture supplies for DAXXIFY and our drug product candidates; our ability to acquire supplies of the RHA Collection of dermal fillers; the uncertain clinical development process; our ability to obtain, and the timing relating to, regulatory submissions and approvals with respect to our drug product candidates and third-party manufacturers; the risk that clinical trials may not have an effective design or generate positive results or that positive results would assure regulatory approval or commercial success; the applicability of clinical study results to actual outcomes; the rate and degree of economic benefit, safety, efficacy, duration, commercial acceptance, market, competition and/or size and growth potential of DAXXIFY, the RHA Collection of dermal fillers, and our drug product candidates, if approved; our ability to successfully commercialize DAXXIFY and to continue to successfully commercialize the RHA Collection of dermal fillers; the timing and cost of commercialization activities; securing or maintaining adequate coverage or reimbursement by third-party payers for DAXXIFY; the proper training and administration of our products by physicians and medical staff; our ability to maintain and gain acceptance from injectors and physicians in the use of DAXXIFY for aesthetic and therapeutic indications; our ability to strengthen professional partnerships; our ability to expand sales and marketing capabilities; the status of commercial collaborations; our ability to effectively manage the exit of the OPUL payments business; changes in and failures to comply with laws and regulations; our ability to continue obtaining and maintaining intellectual property protection for our products; the cost and our ability to defend ourselves in product liability, intellectual property, class action or other lawsuits; our ability to limit or mitigate cybersecurity incidents; the volatility of our stock price; and other risks. Detailed information regarding factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed or implied by statements in this press release may be found in our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including factors described in the section entitled "Risk Factors" in our Form 10-K expected to be filed with the SEC on February 28, 2024, and including, without limitation, our Form 10-Qs for the quarters ended March 31, 2023, June 30, 2023 and September 30, 2023, filed with the SEC on May 9, 2023, August 8, 2023 and November 8, 2023, respectively. The forward-looking statements in this press release speak only as of the date hereof. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements.

Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures

Revance has presented certain preliminary and unaudited non-GAAP financial measures and forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures in this release, including non-GAAP SG&A expenses, non-GAAP R&D expenses; non-GAAP OPEX; and Adjusted EBITDA. Non-GAAP SG&A expense and non-GAAP R&D expense exclude depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation and restructuring charges; and non-GAAP OPEX excludes costs of revenue (exclusive of amortization), depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation and restructuring and impairment charges. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation and extraordinary items such as restructuring and impairment charges. The company excludes costs of revenue (exclusive of amortization), depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation and extraordinary items like restructuring and impairment charges because management believes the exclusion of these items is helpful to investors to evaluate the Company's recurring operational performance. Company management uses these non-GAAP financial measures to monitor and evaluate its operating results and trends on an ongoing basis, and internally for operating, budgeting and financial planning purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to results prepared in accordance with GAAP but should not be considered a substitute for or superior to GAAP results.

Revance is unable to reconcile forward-looking non-GAAP OPEX, non-GAAP SG&A expenses or Adjusted EBITDA to the most directly comparable GAAP measure because the items that are being excluded from the non-GAAP financial measure are difficult to predict and a reconciliation or a range of results could lead to disclosure that would be imprecise or potentially misleading. Material changes to any one of the exclusions could have a significant effect on our forward-looking estimates and GAAP results. Such items include costs of revenue (exclusive of amortization), depreciation, amortization and stock-based compensation, as well as extraordinary items like restructuring and impairment charges.

CARMEL, Ind., Feb. 28, 2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Merchants Bancorp ("Merchants") (Nasdaq: MBIN) today announced that on April 1, 2024 it will redeem all outstanding shares of its 7.00% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Series A Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock ("Series A Preferred Stock") (Nasdaq: MBINP) at the liquidation preference of $25.00 per share.

Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock of $0.4375 per share that were declared and announced on February 14, 2024 will be paid separately on April 1, 2024. Accordingly, the redemption price of the Series A Preferred Stock will not include any accrued and unpaid dividends. On and after the redemption date, all dividends on the shares of Series A Preferred Stock will cease to accrue. Merchants will redeem the Series A Preferred Stock using cash on hand.

Merchants has notified Nasdaq of its intention to voluntarily delist the Series A Preferred Stock and a Notification of Removal from Listing on Form 25 will be filed with Securities and Exchange Commission on or prior to the redemption date. Merchants expects the delisting to become effective on or about April 1, 2024, from which time the Series A Preferred Stock will no longer be traded on Nasdaq.

Merchants has received all necessary regulatory approvals to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock. Payment of the redemption price for the Series A Preferred Stock will be sent to holders by the Merchants' transfer agent, Computershare Trust Company, N.A., on the redemption date.

About Merchants Bancorp

Ranked as a top performing U.S. public bank by S&P Global Market Intelligence, Merchants Bancorp is a diversified bank holding company headquartered in Carmel, Indiana operating multiple segments, including Multi-family Mortgage Banking that offers multi-family housing and healthcare facility financing and servicing; Mortgage Warehousing that offers mortgage warehouse financing; and Banking that offers retail and correspondent residential mortgage banking, agricultural lending, and traditional community banking. Merchants Bancorp, with $17.0 billion in assets and $14.1 billion in deposits as of December 31, 2023, conducts its business primarily through its direct and indirect subsidiaries, Merchants Bank of Indiana, Merchants Capital Corp., Merchants Capital Investments, LLC, Merchants Capital Servicing, LLC, Merchants Asset Management, LLC, and Merchants Mortgage, a division of Merchants Bank of Indiana. For more information and financial data, please visit Merchants' Investor Relations page at investors.merchantsbancorp.com.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements which reflect management's current views with respect to, among other things, future events and financial performance. These statements are often, but not always, made through the use of words or phrases such as "may," "might," "should," "could," "predict," "potential," "believe," "expect," "continue," "will," "anticipate," "seek," "estimate," "intend," "plan," "projection," "goal," "target," "outlook," "aim," "would," "annualized" and "outlook," or the negative version of those words or other comparable words or phrases of a future or forward-looking nature. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, and are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the industry, management's beliefs and certain assumptions made by management, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and beyond our control. Accordingly, management cautions that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Although Merchants believes that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date made, actual results may prove to be materially different from the results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. A number of important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in these forward-looking statements, including the impacts of factors identified in "Risk Factors" or "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in Merchants' Annual Report on Form 10-K and other periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Any forward-looking statements presented herein are made only as of the date of this press release, and Merchants does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect changes in assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events, or otherwise.

View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/merchants-bancorp-announces-redemption-of-its-series-a-preferred-stock-302074696.html

DUBLIN, Feb. 28, 2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc (Nasdaq: JAZZ) today announced financial results for the full year and fourth quarter of 2023 and provided guidance for 2024.

"2023 was a year of continued strong execution that delivered top- and bottom-line growth and over $3.8 billion in total revenue. Sleep revenue exceeded $1.9 billion, Oncology revenue surpassed $1 billion and Epidiolex remains on track to deliver on its blockbuster potential, demonstrating our progress towards Vision 2025 targets. We also meaningfully advanced our late-stage pipeline and are pleased to note enrollment of the Phase 3 Zepzelca trial in first-line small cell lung cancer has been completed," said Bruce Cozadd, chairman and chief executive officer of Jazz Pharmaceuticals. "Looking to 2024, we expect double-digit percentage revenue growth across combined key growth drivers: Xywav, Epidiolex and Rylaze. We look forward to multiple near-term, late-stage pipeline catalysts and anticipate completing the rolling BLA submission for zanidatamab in second-line biliary tract cancer in the first half of 2024. We expect our disciplined capital allocation to enable investment in our key commercial growth drivers for near-term growth, in our pipeline for long-term growth and to provide flexibility for corporate development."

High-Sodium Oxybate Authorized Generic (AG) Royalties:

The Company continued repurchases of its ordinary shares on the open market in the fourth quarter of 2023 as part of its previously authorized and announced share repurchase program. As of December 31, 2023, approximately $161 million remained available and authorized for share repurchases, after the purchase of approximately $100 million of shares during the fourth quarter of 2023. The timing and amount of repurchases under the program will depend on a variety of factors, including the price of the Company's ordinary shares, alternative investment opportunities, restrictions under the Company's credit agreement, corporate and regulatory requirements and market conditions.

Reconciliations of applicable GAAP reported to non-GAAP adjusted information are included at the end of this press release.

Total Revenues

Total revenues increased 5% in 2023 and 4% in 4Q23 compared to the same periods in 2022.

Changes in operating expenses in 2023 and 4Q23 over the prior year periods are primarily due to the following:

Cash Flow and Balance Sheet

As of December 31, 2023, cash, cash equivalents and investments were $1.6 billion, and the outstanding principal balance of the Company's long-term debt was $5.8 billion. In addition, the Company had undrawn borrowing capacity under a revolving credit facility of $500.0 million. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company generated $1,092.0 million of cash from operations reflecting strong business performance and continued financial discipline.

2024 Financial Guidance

Jazz Pharmaceutical's full year 2024 financial guidance is as follows:

Jazz Pharmaceuticals will host an investor conference call and live audio webcast today at 4:30 p.m. ET (9:30 p.m. GMT) to provide a business and financial update and discuss its 2023 full year and 4Q23 results and 2024 guidance.

Audio webcast/conference call:

U.S. Dial-In Number: +1 888 350 4423

Ireland Dial-In Number: +353 1800 943 926

Additional global dial-in numbers are available here.

Passcode: 6907242

Interested parties may access the live audio webcast via the Investors section of the Jazz Pharmaceuticals website at www.jazzpharmaceuticals.com. To ensure a timely connection, it is recommended that participants register at least 15 minutes prior to the scheduled webcast.

A replay of the webcast will be available via the Investors section of the Jazz Pharmaceuticals website at www.jazzpharmaceuticals.com.

About Jazz Pharmaceuticals

Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc (NASDAQ: JAZZ) is a global biopharmaceutical company whose purpose is to innovate to transform the lives of patients and their families. We are dedicated to developing life-changing medicines for people with serious diseases -- often with limited or no therapeutic options. We have a diverse portfolio of marketed medicines, including leading therapies for sleep disorders and epilepsy, and a growing portfolio of cancer treatments. Our patient-focused and science-driven approach powers pioneering research and development advancements across our robust pipeline of innovative therapeutics in oncology and neuroscience. Jazz is headquartered in Dublin, Ireland with research and development laboratories, manufacturing facilities and employees in multiple countries committed to serving patients worldwide. Please visit www.jazzpharmaceuticals.com for more information.

Non-GAAP Financial Measures

To supplement Jazz Pharmaceuticals' financial results and guidance presented in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), the Company uses certain non-GAAP (also referred to as adjusted or non-GAAP adjusted) financial measures in this press release and the accompanying tables. In particular, the Company presents non-GAAP adjusted net income (and the related per share measure) and its line item components, as well as certain non-GAAP adjusted financial measures derived therefrom, including non-GAAP adjusted gross margin percentage and non-GAAP adjusted effective tax rate. Non-GAAP adjusted net income (and the related per share measure) and its line item components exclude from GAAP reported net income (loss) (and the related per share measure) and its line item components certain items, as detailed in the reconciliation tables that follow, and in the case of non-GAAP adjusted net income (and the related per share measure), adjust for the income tax effect of the non-GAAP adjustments. In this regard, the components of non-GAAP adjusted net income, including non-GAAP adjusted cost of product sales, SG&A expenses and R&D expenses, are income statement line items prepared on the same basis as, and therefore components of, the overall non-GAAP adjusted net income measure.

The Company believes that each of these non-GAAP financial measures provides useful supplementary information to, and facilitates additional analysis by, investors and analysts and that each of these non-GAAP financial measures, when considered together with the Company's financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP, can enhance investors' and analysts' ability to meaningfully compare the Company's results from period to period, to its forward-looking guidance, and to identify operating trends in the Company's business. In addition, these non-GAAP financial measures are regularly used by investors and analysts to model and track the Company's financial performance. Jazz Pharmaceuticals' management also regularly uses these non-GAAP financial measures internally to understand, manage and evaluate the Company's business and to make operating decisions, and compensation of executives is based in part on certain of these non-GAAP financial measures. Because these non-GAAP financial measures are important internal measurements for Jazz Pharmaceuticals' management, the Company also believes that these non-GAAP financial measures are useful to investors and analysts since these measures allow for greater transparency with respect to key financial metrics the Company uses in assessing its own operating performance and making operating decisions. These non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures; should be read in conjunction with the Company's consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP; have no standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP; and are not prepared under any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles in the reconciliation tables that follow. In addition, from time to time in the future there may be other items that the Company may exclude for purposes of its non-GAAP financial measures; and the Company has ceased, and may in the future cease, to exclude items that it has historically excluded for purposes of its non-GAAP financial measures. Likewise, the Company may determine to modify the nature of its adjustments to arrive at its non-GAAP financial measures. Because of the non-standardized definitions of non-GAAP financial measures, the non-GAAP financial measures as used by Jazz Pharmaceuticals in this press release and the accompanying tables have limits in their usefulness to investors and may be calculated differently from, and therefore may not be directly comparable to, similarly titled measures used by other companies.

Caution Concerning Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements related to: the Company's growth prospects and future financial and operating results, including the Company's 2024 financial guidance and the Company's expectations related thereto and anticipated catalysts; the Company's expectations for total revenue and Oncology revenue growth in 2024 and anticipated product sales; expectations of continued growth in net sales of Xywav, Epidiolex/Epidyolex and the oncology portfolio; the blockbuster potential of Epidiolex/Epidyolex and its significant additional growth opportunities; the Company's expectations to executing multiple Epidyolex launches through 2024; expectations with respect to royalties from AGs; the Company's ability to achieve Vision 2025 and the Company's progress related thereto; the Company's development, regulatory and commercialization strategy; the Company's advancement of pipeline programs and the timing of development activities, regulatory activities and submissions related thereto, including the ability to deliver multiple late-stage data readouts by the end of 2025, expectations to complete a rolling BLA submission for zanidatamab for BTC in the first half of 2024 and top line data from a Phase 3 trial of Epidyolex for Dravet syndrome, Lennox-Gastaut syndrome and TSC in Japan in the second half of 2024; the Company's expectations with respect to its products and product candidates and the potential of the Company's products and product candidates and the potential regulatory path related thereto; expectations that Xywav will remain the oxybate of choice; the Company's capital allocation and corporate development strategy; the potential successful future development, manufacturing, regulatory and commercialization activities; the Company's expectation of meaningful growth as part of its Vision 2025; growing and diversifying the Company's revenue, investing in its pipeline of novel therapies, and delivering innovative therapies for patients and the potential benefits of such therapies; the Company's ability to realize the commercial potential of its products; the Company's net product sales and goals for net product sales from new and acquired products; the Company's views and expectations relating to its patent portfolio, including with respect to expected patent protection, as well as expectations with respect to exclusivity; planned or anticipated clinical trial events, including with respect to initiations, enrollment and data read-outs, and the anticipated timing thereof; the Company's clinical trials confirming clinical benefit or enabling regulatory submissions; planned or anticipated regulatory submissions and filings, and the anticipated timing thereof; potential regulatory approvals; the timing and amount of repurchases of the Company's ordinary shares; and other statements that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements are based on the Company's current plans, objectives, estimates, expectations and intentions and inherently involve significant risks and uncertainties.

Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward- looking statements as a result of these risks and uncertainties, which include, without limitation, risks and uncertainties associated with: maintaining or increasing sales of and revenue from Xywav, Rylaze and Epidiolex/Epidyolex and other marketed products; Epidiolex realizing its blockbuster potential; the introduction of new products into the U.S. market that compete with, or otherwise disrupt the market for the Company's products and product candidates; effectively launching and commercializing the Company's other products and product candidates; the successful completion of development and regulatory activities with respect to the Company's product candidates, obtaining and maintaining adequate coverage and reimbursement for the Company's products; the time-consuming and uncertain regulatory approval process, including the risk that the Company's current and/or planned regulatory submissions may not be submitted, accepted or approved by applicable regulatory authorities in a timely manner or at all; the costly and time-consuming pharmaceutical product development and the uncertainty of clinical success, including risks related to failure or delays in successfully initiating or completing clinical trials and assessing patients; global economic, financial, and healthcare system disruptions and the current and potential future negative impacts to the Company's business operations and financial results; geopolitical events, including the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and related sanctions; macroeconomic conditions, including global financial markets, rising interest rates and inflation and recent and potential banking disruptions; regulatory initiatives and changes in tax laws; market volatility; protecting and enhancing the Company's intellectual property rights and the Company's commercial success being dependent upon the Company obtaining, maintaining and defending intellectual property protection and exclusivity for its products and product candidates; delays or problems in the supply or manufacture of the Company's products and product candidates; complying with applicable U.S. and non-U.S. regulatory requirements, including those governing the research, development, manufacturing and distribution of controlled substances; government investigations, legal proceedings and other actions; identifying and consummating corporate development transactions, financing these transactions and successfully integrating acquired product candidates, products and businesses; the Company's ability to realize the anticipated benefits of its corporate development transactions and its collaborations and license agreements with third parties; the sufficiency of the Company's cash flows and capital resources; the Company's ability to achieve targeted or expected future financial performance and results and the uncertainty of future tax, accounting and other provisions and estimates; the Company's ability to meet its projected long-term goals and objectives, including as part of Vision 2025, in the time periods that the Company anticipates, or at all, and the inherent uncertainty and significant judgments and assumptions underlying the Company's long-term goals and objectives; fluctuations in the market price and trading volume of the Company's ordinary shares; restrictions on repurchases of capital stock; the timing and availability of alternative investment opportunities; and other risks and uncertainties affecting the Company, including those described from time to time under the caption "Risk Factors" and elsewhere in Jazz Pharmaceuticals' Securities and Exchange Commission filings and reports, including the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as supplemented by its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2023, and future filings and reports by the Company including the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Other risks and uncertainties of which the Company is not currently aware may also affect the Company's forward-looking statements and may cause actual results and the timing of events to differ materially from those anticipated.

View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/jazz-pharmaceuticals-announces-full-year-and-fourth-quarter-2023-financial-results-and-provides-2024-financial-guidance-302074577.html

SilverBow Resources, Inc. (NYSE: SBOW) ("SilverBow" or "the Company") today announced operating and financial results for the fourth quarter and full year 2023. Supplemental slides have been posted to SilverBow's website and can be accessed at www.sbow.com. The Company plans to host a conference call at 9 a.m. CT (10 a.m. ET) on Thursday, February 29, 2024. Participation details can be found within this release.

Sean Woolverton, SilverBow's Chief Executive Officer, said, "We performed exceptionally well in 2023, advancing our strategy to create value and dramatically strengthen SilverBow with the recent high-value South Texas acquisition. Our team has a track record of successfully integrating acquisitions and will apply our proven operating practices and low-cost platform to generate synergies and to extract value from this transaction. As we enter 2024, SilverBow has a more durable asset base, flexibility to shift investments between oil and gas, and a longer runway of high-quality drilling opportunities. Our recent South Texas acquisition was a game changer and significantly improves the trajectory of our business. We are confident in our ability to unlock capital efficiencies, improve well productivity and returns, and continue to create value for our shareholders."

FOURTH QUARTER FINANCIAL AND OPERATING SUMMARY

For the fourth quarter of 2023, SilverBow reported net income of $183 million, or $7.12 per share, which included a net unrealized gain on the value of the Company's derivative contracts of $161 million. Non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDA was $172 million and non-GAAP FCF was $74 million. Financial results in the period were driven by production results in the upper half of SilverBow's guidance. Quarterly average net production increased 37% over the prior year to 72.1 MBoe/d. Oil production averaged 19.3 MBbls/d, up nearly 75% over the comparable period. Production mix for the fourth quarter consisted of 57% natural gas, 27% crude oil and 16% natural gas liquids ("NGLs").

Strong production in the quarter was related to performance from the Central Oil area, where the Company recently brought online a four-well pad with a 30-day pad average of 4,605 Boe/d (83% oil, 8,280' average lateral length). In its Eastern Extension area, SilverBow brought online a three-well pad with a 30-day pad average of 4,279 Boe/d (71% oil, 9,240' average lateral length).

Stated without the impact of hedging, crude oil and natural gas realizations for the quarter were 97% and 83% of West Texas Intermediate ("WTI") and Henry Hub, respectively. Average realized prices by product were $76.21 per barrel of oil, $2.39 per thousand cubic feet of natural gas ("Mcf") and $20.83 per barrel of NGLs (27% of WTI benchmark). Please refer to the tables included in this release for complete production volumes and pricing information.

Total production expenses in the quarter, which include lease operating expenses, transportation and processing expenses and production taxes, were $8.67 per barrel of oil equivalent ("Boe"), in-line with expectations.

Capital investments during the quarter were in the lower half of guidance and totaled $79 million on an accrual basis. In the quarter, the Company operated two rigs and brought online 12 net wells.

FULL YEAR 2023 FINANCIAL AND OPERATING SUMMARY

For full year 2023, SilverBow reported net income of $298 million, or $12.63 per share, which includes a net unrealized gain on the value of the Company's derivative contracts of $151 million. Non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDA was $536 million and non-GAAP FCF was $56 million. Financial results in the period were driven by average production results in the upper half of SilverBow's guidance. Average net production was above the midpoint of guidance and increased 32% over the prior year to 59.4 MBoe/d. Oil production averaged 14.6 MBbls/d, up 100% over the comparable period. Production mix for the full year consisted of 61% natural gas, 25% crude oil and 14% NGLs.

Stated without the impact of hedging, crude oil and natural gas realizations in the year were 97% and 85% of WTI and Henry Hub, respectively. Average realized prices by product were $75.32 per barrel of oil, $2.34 per Mcf of natural gas and $20.74 per barrel of NGLs (27% of WTI benchmark). Please refer to the tables included in this release for complete production volumes and pricing information.

SilverBow posted significant year-over-year operational efficiency gains in 2023, completing 16% more stimulation stages per day, with average pumping efficiencies up 13%. Fourth quarter pumping efficiencies were 84%, the highest quarterly rate achieved during the year. Performance reflected less downtime with an average of 14.3 completed stages per day. Drilling costs decreased throughout 2023 due to efficiencies from high-graded rigs and ongoing cost deflation, particularly in rig rates and tubular products. As a result, 2023 total well costs per lateral foot decreased 3% year-over-year, and highlighting the magnitude of cost improvement throughout the year, fourth quarter well costs per lateral foot decreased 20% year-over-year. For the year, drilling and completion ("D&C") costs were 10% below planned costs.

Capital investments for the year, excluding acquisitions, totaled $409 million on an accrual basis, which was below the midpoint of the Company's $400 - $425 million guidance. Including cash acquisition cost of $605 million, SilverBow invested approximately $1.0 billion in 2023. The Company brought online 49 net wells during the year.

PROVED RESERVES

SilverBow increased its proved reserves by 20% year-over-year. SEC proved reserves at year-end 2023 were 446 million barrels of oil equivalent ("MMBoe"), of which 37% were oil/liquids and 45% were proved developed. The increase in proved reserves was primarily related to acquisitions and an increase in oil reserves through extensions due to successful drilling on existing leases, as well as new leases acquired in 2023. Excluding the impact of acquisitions and commodity prices, proved reserve replacement was more than 200% of 2023 production. The Standardized Measure was $2.3 billion and the pre-tax present value of future net cash flows discounted at 10% was $2.7 billion utilizing SEC prices ("SEC PV-10 Value," a non-GAAP measure).

The table below reconciles 2022 proved reserves to 2023 proved reserves:

SEC prices used in the 2023 calculation were $76.79 per barrel of oil, $2.30 per Mcf of natural gas and $25.43 per barrel of NGLs, as compared to $94.36 per barrel of oil, $6.14 per Mcf of natural gas and $34.76 per barrel of NGLs used in 2022.

2024 OUTLOOK

Mr. Woolverton commented, "Our outlook for 2024 reflects the positive impacts of our recent transaction and ability to exercise flexibility in our operating plan in response to commodity prices. Given low natural gas prices, we reduced our planned investments in our Webb County Gas area to preserve valuable inventory for the future, while our development activity in our expanded oil opportunities continues. This flexibility is a result of our acquisition strategy and allows us to capitalize on our competitive advantage in the Eagle Ford. Our current 2024 plan high-grades our large, high-return portfolio of opportunities to create a plan that maximizes free cash flow and allows for debt reduction. We are positioned to benefit from the significant and sustainable capital efficiencies we have created over the past year, and expect to continue optimizing our development program in real-time as dictated by our returns-focused mindset."

SilverBow's current planned capital investments are $470 - $510 million, with approximately 90% allocated to D&C activity. This represents a $75 million, or 13%, reduction when compared to the midpoint of the Company's preliminary 2024 outlook. The plan is expected to generate $125 - $150 million of FCF at current prices. Annual production is expected to average 85.2 - 93.5 MBoe/d, a 50% increase over the prior year. Oil volumes are expected to average 23.5 - 26.5 MBbls/d, a 71% increase over the prior year. SilverBow's full year gas volumes are expected to be 13% lower at the midpoint compared to its prior guidance range.

The Company plans to operate three drilling rigs through the first half of 2024, and operate two drilling rigs in the second half of the year. The Company is directing the majority of its investments to liquids development, including approximately 50% of its full year D&C activity directed toward its Western Condensate area and approximately 30% of its D&C activity directed toward its Central Oil and Eastern Extension areas. SilverBow expects to drill 62 gross (49 net) operated wells drilled, compared to 46 gross (45 net) operated wells drilled in 2023.

For the first quarter of 2024, the Company expects to produce 86.5 - 93.3 MBoe/d, with expected oil volumes of 22.5 - 25.0 MBbls/d. Additional detail on SilverBow's guidance can be found in the table included in this release.

RISK MANAGEMENT

SilverBow consistently uses the derivatives market to mitigate commodity price risks and ensure cash flow to fund its annual capital program. As of February 23, 2024, SilverBow had approximately 60% of total production hedged for full year 2024, using the midpoint of guidance; approximately 75% of full year 2024 gas production is hedged at a weighted average price of $3.83 per Mcf, using the floor price of collars. For complete disclosure on the Company's hedging program, please see the most recent presentation posted to the Investor Relations section of the Company's website.

CAPITAL STRUCTURE

Due to the underlying strength of SilverBow's business and increasing scale, the Company's liquidity more than doubled year-over-year. At year-end 2023, SilverBow had approximately $479 million of liquidity, consisting of $1 million of cash and $478 million of availability under its senior secured revolving credit facility ("Credit Facility"). As of January 31, 2024, the Company had $509 million of undrawn capacity and $1 million of cash resulting in $510 million of liquidity. This represents $60 million of total debt reduction in the two months since closing the South Texas acquisition; debt reduction remains the primary use of FCF in the near-term.

For full year 2023, SilverBow reported year-end debt of $1.2 billion and non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDA for Leverage Ratio of $782 million, which, in accordance with the leverage ratio calculation in its Credit Facility, includes pro forma contributions from acquired assets prior to their closing dates totaling $245 million. At year-end 2023, the Company had a leverage ratio of 1.56x and 25.4 million total common shares outstanding as of February 23, 2024.

CONFERENCE CALL DETAILS

SilverBow plans to host a conference call for investors at 9 a.m CT (10 a.m. ET), on Thursday, February 29, 2024. Investors and participants can listen to the call by dialing 1-888-415-4465 (U.S.) or 1-646-960-0140 (International) and requesting SilverBow Resources' Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call (Conference ID: 5410161) or by visiting the Company's website. A simultaneous webcast of the call may be found at www.sbow.com/investor-relations/Investor-Relations-Events-Presentations/event-calendar/default.aspx. The webcast will be archived for replay on the Company's website for 14 days.

ABOUT SILVERBOW RESOURCES, INC.

SilverBow Resources, Inc. (NYSE: SBOW) is a Houston-based energy company actively engaged in the exploration, development, and production of oil and gas in the Eagle Ford Shale and Austin Chalk in South Texas. With over 30 years of history operating in South Texas, the Company possesses a significant understanding of regional reservoirs which it leverages to assemble high quality drilling inventory while continuously enhancing its operations to maximize returns on capital invested. For more information, please visit www.sbow.com. Information on our website is not part of this release.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This release includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking statements represent management's expectations or beliefs concerning future events, and it is possible that the results described in this release will not be achieved. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. All statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this press release, including those regarding our strategy, the benefits of the acquisitions, future operations, guidance and outlook, financial position, well expectations and drilling plans, estimated production levels, expected oil and natural gas pricing, long-term inventory estimates, estimated oil and natural gas reserves or the present value thereof, reserve increases, service costs, impact of inflation, future free cash flow and expected leverage ratio, value and development of locations, capital expenditures, budget, projected costs, prospects, plans and objectives of management are forward-looking statements. When used in this report, the words "will," "could," "believe," "anticipate," "intend," "estimate," "budgeted," "guidance," "expect," "may," "continue," "potential," "plan," "project," "positioned," "should" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such identifying words. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations include, but are not limited to, the following risks and uncertainties: further actions by the members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, Russia and other allied producing countries with respect to oil production levels and announcements of potential changes in such levels; risk related to recently completed acquisitions and integrations of these acquisitions; volatility in natural gas, oil and NGL prices; ability to obtain permits and government approvals; our borrowing capacity, future covenant compliance, cash flow and liquidity, including our ability to satisfy our short- or long-term liquidity needs; asset disposition efforts or the timing or outcome thereof; ongoing and prospective joint ventures, their structures and substance, and the likelihood of their finalization or the timing thereof; the amount, nature and timing of capital expenditures, including future development costs; timing, cost and amount of future production of oil and natural gas; availability of drilling and production equipment or availability of oil field labor; availability, cost and terms of capital; timing and successful drilling and completion of wells; availability and cost for transportation and storage capacity of oil and natural gas; costs of exploiting and developing our properties and conducting other operations; competition in the oil and natural gas industry; general economic and political conditions, including inflationary pressures, further increases in interest rates, a general economic slowdown or recession, instability in financial institutions, political tensions and war (including future developments in the ongoing conflicts in Ukraine and the Gaza Strip); the severity and duration of world health events, including health crises, and related economic repercussions, including disruptions in the oil and gas industry, supply chain disruptions, and operational challenges; opportunities to monetize assets; our ability to execute on strategic initiatives, including acquisitions; effectiveness of our risk management activities, including hedging strategy; counterparty and credit market risk; pending legal and environmental matters, including potential impacts on our business related to climate change and related regulations; actions by third parties, including customers, service providers and shareholders; current and future governmental regulation and taxation of the oil and natural gas industry; developments in world oil and natural gas markets and in oil and natural gas-producing countries; uncertainty regarding our future operating results; and other risks and uncertainties discussed in the Company's reports filed with the SEC, including its annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023.

All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this news release. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. The Company's capital budget, operating plan, service cost outlook and development plans are subject to change at any time. Although we believe that our plans, intentions and expectations reflected in or suggested by the forward-looking statements we make in this release are reasonable, we can give no assurance that these plans, intentions or expectations will be achieved. The risk factors and other factors noted herein and in the Company's SEC filings could cause its actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. These cautionary statements qualify all forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf.

All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or to persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing. We undertake no obligation to publicly release the results of any revisions to any such forward-looking statements that may be made to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this release or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law.

(Footnotes)

Adjusted EBITDA, FCF and ROCE are non-GAAP measures defined and reconciled in the tables included in this news release.

Leverage ratio is defined as total long-term debt, before unamortized discounts, divided by Adjusted EBITDA for Leverage Ratio (a non-GAAP measure defined and reconciled in the tables included in this news release) for the trailing twelve-month period.

(Financial Highlights to Follow)

Definition of Non-GAAP Measures as Calculated by the Company (Unaudited)

The following non-GAAP measures are presented in addition to financial statements as SilverBow believes these metrics and performance measures are widely used by the investment community, including investors, research analysts and others, to evaluate and useful in comparing investments among upstream oil and gas companies in making investment decisions or recommendations. These measures, as presented, may have differing calculations among companies and investment professionals and may not be directly comparable to the same measures provided by others. A non-GAAP measure should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related GAAP measure or any other measure of a company's financial or operating performance presented in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of each of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure or measures is presented below. These measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies.

Adjusted EBITDA: The Company presents Adjusted EBITDA attributable to common stockholders in addition to reported net income (loss) in accordance with GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA is calculated as net income (loss) plus (less) depreciation, depletion and amortization, accretion of asset retirement obligations, interest expense, impairment of oil and natural gas properties, net losses (gains) on commodity derivative contracts, amounts collected (paid) for commodity derivative contracts held to settlement, income tax expense (benefit); and share-based compensation expense. Adjusted EBITDA excludes certain items that SilverBow believes affect the comparability of operating results, including items that are generally non-recurring in nature or whose timing and/or amount cannot be reasonably estimated. Adjusted EBITDA is used by the Company's management and by external users of SilverBow's financial statements, such as investors, commercial banks and others, to assess the Company's operating performance as compared to that of other companies, without regard to financing methods, capital structure or historical cost basis. It is also used to assess SilverBow's ability to incur and service debt and fund capital expenditures. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered an alternative to net income (loss), operating income (loss), cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities or any other measure of financial performance or liquidity presented in accordance with GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA is important as it is considered among the financial covenants under the Company's First Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, and certain lenders party thereto (as amended, the "Credit Agreement"), a material source of liquidity for SilverBow. Please reference the Company's 2023 Form 10-K for discussion of the Credit Agreement and its covenants.

Adjusted EBITDA for Leverage Ratio: In accordance with the Leverage Ratio calculation for SilverBow's Credit Facility, the Company makes certain adjustments to its calculation of Adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA for Leverage Ratio is calculated as Adjusted EBITDA (defined above) plus (less) pro forma EBITDA contributions related to closed acquisitions. The Company believes that Adjusted EBITDA for Leverage Ratio is useful to investors because it reflects the last twelve months EBITDA used by the administrative agent for SilverBow's Credit Facility in the calculation of its leverage ratio covenant.

Cash General and Administrative Expenses: Cash G&A expenses is a non-GAAP measure calculated as net general and administrative costs less share-based compensation. The Company reports cash G&A expenses because it believes this measure is commonly used by management, analysts and investors as an indicator of cost management and operating efficiency on a comparable basis from period to period. In addition, SilverBow believes cash G&A expenses are used by analysts and others in valuation, comparison and investment recommendations of companies in the oil and gas industry to allow for analysis of G&A spend without regard to stock-based compensation which can vary substantially from company to company. Cash G&A expenses should not be considered as an alternative to, or more meaningful than, total G&A expenses.

Free Cash Flow: Free cash flow is calculated as Adjusted EBITDA (defined above) plus (less) monetized derivative contracts, cash interest expense, capital expenditures and current income tax (expense) benefit. The Company believes that free cash flow is useful to investors and analysts because it assists in evaluating SilverBow's operating performance, and the valuation, comparison, rating and investment recommendations of companies within the oil and gas industry. SilverBow uses this information as one of the bases for comparing its operating performance with other companies within the oil and gas industry. Free cash flow should not be considered an alternative to net income (loss), operating income (loss), cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities or any other measure of financial performance or liquidity presented in accordance with GAAP. From time to time the Company provides forward-looking free cash flow estimates or targets; however, SilverBow is unable to provide a quantitative reconciliation of these forward-looking non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable forward-looking GAAP measure because the items necessary to estimate such forward-looking GAAP measure are not accessible or estimable at this time without unreasonable efforts. The reconciling items in future periods could be significant.

Net Debt: Net debt is calculated as the total principal amount of second lien notes plus borrowings on the Company's Credit Facility less cash and cash equivalents.

Return on Capital Employed ("ROCE"): ROCE is defined as (A) Adjusted EBITDA less DD&A expense, divided by (B) the average of Capital Employed - Beginning of Year (Total Debt plus Shareholders Equity) and Capital Employed - Year-End. SilverBow believes ROCE presents a comparable metric across multiple business sectors and sizes and is a meaningful measure because it quantifies how well the Company generates Adjusted EBITDA relative to the capital it has employed in its business and illustrates the profitability of a business or project taking into account the capital employed. SilverBow uses ROCE to assist in capital resource allocation decisions and in evaluating business performance. Additionally, the Company also evaluates average ROCE over a trailing three-year period to adjust for short term (one year) fluctuations and illustrate profitability over a longer time period. Although ROCE is commonly used as a measure of capital efficiency, definitions of ROCE differ, and SilverBow's computation of ROCE may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies.

Reconciliation of Net Income (Loss) to Adjusted EBITDA and Free Cash Flow (Unaudited)

SilverBow Resources, Inc. and Subsidiary (in thousands, except share amounts)

The below tables provide the calculation of Adjusted EBITDA, Free Cash Flow and Adjusted EBITDA for Leverage Ratio for the following periods (in thousands).

Reconciliation of General & Administrative Expenses to Cash General & Administrative Expenses (Unaudited)

SilverBow Resources, Inc. and Subsidiary (in thousands, except per unit amounts)

The below tables provide the calculation of cash G&A for the following periods (in thousands).

Reconciliation of Net Income (Loss) to Return on Capital Employed (Unaudited)

SilverBow Resources, Inc. and Subsidiary (in thousands, except share amounts)

The below tables provide the calculation of Return on Capital Employed for the following periods (in thousands).

Calculation of Standardized Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows

The following table provides a reconciliation between the Standardized Measure (the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP) and SEC PV-10 Value of the Company's proved reserves:

Reserve Replacement Ratio Calculation (Unaudited):

Reserve replacement ratio is calculated by dividing the sum of extensions, discoveries, and other additions, purchases and sales of minerals in place, and total revisions for the year by production:

Magnachip Semiconductor Corporation (NYSE: MX) ("Magnachip" or the "Company") today announced financial results for the fourth quarter and full-year 2023.

YJ Kim, Magnachip's Chief Executive Officer commented, "As we reflect on the past year and look ahead, we're shaping our future with the transformation of our business. First, we have shifted our Display business to be laser-focused on the burgeoning OLED market in China and our efforts there are already showing promising results. We now have two design-wins and a dedicated team on the ground to help build on this momentum. Additionally, we are working to optimize our Gumi Fab to transition from lower-margin Transitional Foundry Services to higher-margin Power products. Finally, we've restructured our company to streamline operations, enhance shareholder value and increase transparency for our investors with the completion of our legal separation of historical Display and Power businesses into MSS and PAS."

YJ continued, "Looking ahead, for full year 2024, we currently expect double-digit revenue growth in both the newly organized MSS and PAS businesses. We currently expect total consolidated company revenue for full year 2024 to remain relatively flat to slightly up due to the phase-out of Transitional Foundry Services. We also anticipate PAS gross margin to be challenged during the transition period while we convert the Transitional Foundry Services capacity to Power capacity, but we are committed to navigating this period with a clear focus on long-term value creation for shareholders."

____________

*MSS consists of historical Display and Power IC business, which is operated by Magnachip Mixed-Signal, Ltd., a limited liability company incorporated in Korea. PAS business is operated by Magnachip Semiconductor, Ltd., the existing limited liability company incorporated in Korea.

Beginning in Q1, the Company will begin reporting results under its newly organized businesses: MSS (Mixed-Signal Solutions) and PAS (Power-Analog Solutions). While actual results may vary, Magnachip currently expects the following:

Magnachip will host a corresponding conference call at 2:00 p.m. PT / 5:00 p.m. ET on Wednesday, February 28, 2024, to discuss its financial results. In advance of the conference call, all participants must use the following link to complete the online registration process. Upon registering, each participant will receive access details for this event including the dial-in numbers, a PIN number, and an e-mail with detailed instructions to join the conference call. A live and archived webcast of the conference call and a copy of earnings release will be accessible from the 'Investors' section of the Company's website at www.magnachip.com.

Online registration: https://register.vevent.com/register/BI736feb7bc081454c8d811cbbeb6b92dc

Safe Harbor for Forward-Looking Statements

Information in this release regarding Magnachip's forecasts, business outlook, expectations and beliefs are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include expectations about estimated historical or future operating results and financial performance, outlook and business plans, including first quarter and full year 2024 revenue and gross profit margin expectations, future growth and revenue opportunities from new and existing products and customers, the timing and extent of future revenue contributions by our products and businesses, and the impact of market conditions associated with inflation and higher interest rates, remaining effects from the COVID-19 pandemic, geopolitical conflicts between Russia-Ukraine and between Israel-Hamas, sustained military action and conflict in the Red Sea, and trade tensions between the U.S. and China, on Magnachip's first quarter and full year 2024 and future operating results. All forward-looking statements included in this release are based upon information available to Magnachip as of the date of this release, which may change, and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results could differ materially from our current expectations. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, among others: the impact of changes in macroeconomic conditions, including those caused by or related to inflation, potential recessions or other deteriorations, economic instability or civil unrest; remaining effects from the COVID-19 pandemic, the geopolitical conflicts between Russia-Ukraine and between Israel-Hamas, sustained military action and conflict in the Red Sea, and trade tensions between the U.S. and China; manufacturing capacity constraints or supply chain disruptions that may impact our ability to deliver our products or affect the price of components, which may lead to an increase in our costs and impact demand for our products from customers who are similarly affected by such capacity constraints or disruptions; the impact of competitive products and pricing; timely acceptance of our designs by customers; timely introduction of new products and technologies; our ability to ramp new products into volume production; industry-wide shifts in supply and demand for semiconductor products; overcapacity within the industry or at Magnachip; effective and cost-efficient utilization of manufacturing capacity; financial stability in foreign markets and the impact of foreign exchange rates; unanticipated costs and expenses or the inability to identify expenses that can be eliminated; compliance with U.S. and international trade and export laws and regulations by us, our customers and our distributors; change to or ratification of local or international laws and regulations, including those related to environment, health and safety; public health issues, including the remaining effects of the COVID-19 pandemic; other business interruptions that could disrupt supply or delivery of, or demand for, Magnachip's products; and other risks detailed from time to time in Magnachip's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), including our Form 10-K filed on February 22, 2023, and subsequent registration statements, amendments or other reports that we may file from time to time with the SEC and/or make available on our website. Magnachip assumes no obligation and does not intend to update the forward-looking statements provided, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

About Magnachip Semiconductor

Magnachip is a designer and manufacturer of analog and mixed-signal semiconductor platform solutions for communication, Internet of Things ("IoT"), consumer, computing, industrial and automotive applications. The Company provides a broad range of standard products to customers worldwide. Magnachip, with more than 40 years of operating history, owns a portfolio of approximately 1,100 registered patents and pending applications, and has extensive engineering, design, and manufacturing process expertise. For more information, please visit www.magnachip.com. Information on or accessible through Magnachip's website is not a part of, and is not incorporated into, this release.

We present Adjusted Operating Income (Loss) as a supplemental measure of our performance. We define Adjusted Operating Income (Loss) for the periods indicated as operating loss adjusted to exclude (i) Equity-based compensation expense and (ii) Early termination and other charges, net.

For the year ended December 31, 2023, Early termination and other charges includes $8,449 thousand of termination related charges in connection with the voluntary resignation program that we offered to certain employees during the first quarter of 2023 and $802 thousand of one-time employee incentives.

For the year ended December 31, 2022, Early termination and other charges, net includes $2,821 thousand of one-time employee incentives and professional service fees and expenses of $1,014 thousand, incurred in connection with certain strategic evaluations, both of which were offset in part by a $537 thousand gain on sale of certain legacy equipment of the closed back-end line in our fabrication facility in Gumi.

We present Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Net Income (Loss) as supplemental measures of our performance. We define Adjusted EBITDA for the periods indicated as EBITDA (as defined below), adjusted to exclude (i) Equity-based compensation expense, (ii) Foreign currency loss (gain), net, (iii) Derivative valuation loss (gain), net and (iv) Early termination and other charges, net. EBITDA for the periods indicated is defined as net income (loss) before interest income, interest expense, income tax expense (benefit) and depreciation and amortization.

We prepare Adjusted Net Income (Loss) by adjusting net income (loss) to eliminate the impact of a number of non-cash expenses and other items that may be either one time or recurring that we do not consider to be indicative of our core ongoing operating performance. We believe that Adjusted Net Income (Loss) is particularly useful because it reflects the impact of our asset base and capital structure on our operating performance. We define Adjusted Net Income (Loss) for the periods as net income (loss), adjusted to exclude (i) Equity-based compensation expense, (ii) Foreign currency loss (gain), net, (iii) Derivative valuation loss (gain), net, (iv) Early termination and other charges, net and (v) Income tax effect on non-GAAP adjustments.

For the year ended December 31, 2023, Early termination and other charges includes $8,449 thousand of termination related charges in connection with the voluntary resignation program that we offered to certain employees during the first quarter of 2023 and $802 thousand of one-time employee incentives.

For the year ended December 31, 2022, Early termination and other charges, net includes $2,821 thousand of one-time employee incentives and professional service fees and expenses of $1,014 thousand, incurred in connection with certain strategic evaluations, both of which were offset in part by a $537 thousand gain on sale of certain legacy equipment of the closed back-end line in our fabrication facility in Gumi.

Feb 28 (Reuters) - Wall Street's top regulator is expected to vote soon to adopt far-reaching changes to the way thousands of U.S.-listed companies tell investors how climate change will affect their bottom line, a landmark rule for the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

The agency says such information is important for investors deciding whether to put their money into a company.

In its draft rule two years ago, the SEC proposed requiring companies to report greenhouse gas emissions in three categories, including Scope 1, which are emissions a company produces through its own operations, and Scope 2, emissions the company is responsible for from utilities use and power generation.

More contentiously, the SEC proposed that under some circumstances companies should also include Scope 3 emissions - those generated from a company's supply chain, such as transportation of goods, business travel and by customers' consumption of products and services.

Major lobby groups have pushed back hard on Scope 3, arguing it is excessively burdensome and unlikely to produce meaningful data. SEC officials have dropped it from the proposed regulation.

It has also softened the Scopes 1 and 2 disclosure requirements, which were initially mandatory. The draft rule now under consideration would compel such disclosures only if companies deem they are material, according to people familiar with the matter.

The original draft would also require companies to disclose in their financial statements when they take a hit of more than 1% from climate "impacts," such as damage from severe weather events or costs from de-carbonizing their operations.

This has also drawn intense fire from industry, with companies saying in comments submitted to the SEC that the policy is unworkable as proper accounting methods for such impacts do not yet exist and resulting data would not be meaningful.

Progressive and financial reform groups, however, have said such disclosures would be practicable and helpful.

DISCLOSING RISK

The proposal would also require companies to report a range of other risk-related information, such as how boards of directors manage climate risk, how those risks could affect companies' business, their business models, corporate strategies and business outlooks.

If companies have low-carbon transition plans or use scenarios to analyze climate-related risks, they would likewise have to describe these to investors. (Reporting by Douglas Gillison in Washington Editing by Michelle Price and Matthew Lewis)

L'agence estime que ces informations sont importantes pour les investisseurs qui dcident de placer leur argent dans une entreprise.

Sur quoi se penche la Commission, compose de cinq membres ?

Dans son projet de rglement publi il y a deux ans, la SEC proposait d'obliger les entreprises  dclarer leurs missions de gaz  effet de serre dans trois catgories,  savoir le champ d'application 1, c'est--dire les missions produites par une entreprise dans le cadre de ses propres activits, et le champ d'application 2, c'est--dire les missions dont l'entreprise est responsable du fait de l'utilisation des services publics et de la production d'lectricit.

De manire plus controverse, la SEC a propos que, dans certaines circonstances, les entreprises incluent galement les missions de type 3, c'est--dire celles gnres par la chane d'approvisionnement d'une entreprise, telles que le transport de marchandises, les voyages d'affaires et la consommation de produits et de services par les clients.

Les principaux groupes de pression se sont fermement opposs  l'inclusion du champ d'application 3, arguant qu'il s'agit d'une tche excessivement lourde et qu'il est peu probable qu'elle produise des donnes significatives. Les responsables de la SEC l'ont supprim de la proposition de rglement.

Ils ont galement assoupli les exigences de divulgation des champs d'application 1 et 2, qui taient initialement obligatoires. Le projet de rglement actuellement  l'tude n'imposerait ces divulgations que si les entreprises les jugent importantes, selon des personnes au fait du dossier.

Le projet initial exigeait galement des entreprises qu'elles indiquent dans leurs tats financiers lorsqu'elles subissent un impact de plus de 1 % d aux "effets" du climat, tels que les dommages causs par les phnomnes mtorologiques violents ou les cots lis  la dcarbonisation de leurs activits.

Cette mesure a galement suscit de vives critiques de la part des entreprises, qui ont dclar dans les commentaires soumis  la SEC que cette politique tait inapplicable, car il n'existe pas encore de mthodes comptables appropries pour ces impacts et les donnes qui en rsulteraient ne seraient pas significatives.

Les groupes progressistes et de rforme financire ont toutefois dclar que de telles informations seraient ralisables et utiles.

LA DIVULGATION DES RISQUES

La proposition prvoit galement que les entreprises communiquent une srie d'autres informations relatives aux risques, telles que la manire dont les conseils d'administration grent les risques climatiques, la manire dont ces risques pourraient affecter les activits des entreprises, leurs modles d'entreprise, leurs stratgies d'entreprise et leurs perspectives d'activit.

Si les entreprises disposent de plans de transition vers une conomie  faibles missions de carbone ou utilisent des scnarios pour analyser les risques lis au climat, elles devront galement les dcrire aux investisseurs. (Reportage de Douglas Gillison  Washington ; rdaction de Michelle Price et Matthew Lewis)

WESTLAKE VILLAGE, Calif., Feb. 28, 2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Arcutis Biotherapeutics, Inc. (Nasdaq: ARQT), a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing meaningful innovations in immuno-dermatology, today announced the commencement of an underwritten public offering of $150.0 million of shares of its common stock and, in lieu of common stock to certain investors, pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of its common stock. All of the shares of common stock and pre-funded warrants in this offering are being sold by Arcutis. The proposed offering is subject to market and other conditions, and there can be no assurance as to whether or when the offering may be completed, or as to the actual size or terms of the offering. In addition, Arcutis intends to grant the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional $22.5 million of shares of its common stock at the public offering price per share.

Morgan Stanley, TD Cowen, and Guggenheim Securities are acting as joint lead bookrunning managers for the proposed offering. Mizuho and Needham & Company are acting as co-lead managers for the proposed offering.

The securities are being offered pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement that was filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on January 31, 2024. This proposed offering will be made only by means of a prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus which forms a part of the effective shelf registration statement.

A preliminary prospectus supplement related to the proposed offering (including the accompanying prospectus) will be filed with the SEC and will be available on the SEC's website located at www.sec.gov. Copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus may also be obtained, when available, from Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014, or by email at prospectus@morganstanley.com; Cowen and Company, LLC, 599 Lexington Avenue, New York, NY 10022, by telephone at (833) 297-2926, or by email at Prospectus_ECM@cowen.com; or Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate Department, 330 Madison Avenue, 8th Floor, New York, NY 10017, by telephone at (212) 518-9544, or by email at GSEquityProspectusDelivery@guggenheimpartners.com.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About Arcutis Biotherapeutics, Inc.

Arcutis Biotherapeutics, Inc. (Nasdaq: ARQT) is a commercial-stage medical dermatology company that champions meaningful innovation to address the urgent needs of individuals living with immune-mediated dermatological diseases and conditions. With a commitment to solving the most persistent patient challenges in dermatology, Arcutis has a growing portfolio including two FDA approved products that harness our unique dermatology development platform coupled with our dermatology expertise to build differentiated therapies against biologically validated targets. Arcutis' dermatology development platform includes a robust pipeline with multiple clinical programs for a range of inflammatory dermatological conditions including scalp and body psoriasis, atopic dermatitis, and alopecia areata.

Forward-Looking Statements

Statements in this press release may contain "forward-looking statements" that are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release may be identified by the use of words such as "may," "will," "should," "expect," "plan," "anticipate," "could," "intend," "target," "project," "contemplate," "believe," "estimate," "predict," "potential" or "continue" or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions, and include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the size, completion and timing of the proposed public offering and the expectation to grant the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase additional shares. Any forward-looking statements are based on Arcutis' current expectations, forecasts, and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially and adversely from those set forth in or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties related to market conditions and satisfaction of customary closing conditions related to the proposed public offering. For a discussion of other risks and uncertainties, and other important factors, any of which could cause our actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements, see the section entitled "Risk Factors" in Arcutis' most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, its other reports filed with the SEC, as well as in the preliminary prospectus supplement related to the proposed public offering. Forward-looking statements contained in this announcement are based on information available to Arcutis as of the date hereof and are made only as of the date of this release. Arcutis undertakes no obligation to update such information except as required under applicable law. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing Arcutis' views as of any date subsequent to the date of this press release. In light of the foregoing, investors are urged not to rely on any forward-looking statement in reaching any conclusion or making any investment decision about any securities of Arcutis.

Castle Biosciences, Inc. (Nasdaq: CSTL), a company improving health through innovative tests that guide patient care, today announced its financial results for the fourth quarter and year ended Dec. 31, 2023.

"2023 was another exceptional year, with strong top-line growth and test report volume growth, driven in large part by consistent execution by the entire Castle team," said Derek Maetzold, president and chief executive officer of Castle Biosciences. "I am extremely pleased with the continued success we saw from careful investments in our initiatives. We expanded our body of evidence, with data further demonstrating the potential of our tests to improve patient outcomes, including increased survival. In addition, our foundational dermatology business continued to expand solidly, and growth in our TissueCypher Barrett's Esophagus test outpaced our expectations.

"In our commitment to ongoing evidence development, we are exceptionally proud of the progress we have made regarding DecisionDx-Melanoma. The independent risk-stratification provided by this test has already been demonstrated in numerous retrospective and prospective studies, is supported with 50 peer-reviewed publications, and has been studied in more than 10,000 patients. In 2023, there were two critical peer-reviewed publications demonstrating an association with DecisionDx-Melanoma testing and improved patient outcomes. The first study demonstrated that testing with DecisionDx-Melanoma was associated with lower melanoma-specific and overall mortality relative to untested patients (Bailey et al.), and the second demonstrated that patients who received routine imaging after high-risk DecisionDx-Melanoma test scores had an earlier recurrence diagnosis with lower tumor burden, leading to better clinical outcomes, including improved overall survival (Dhillon et al.). DecisionDx-Melanoma is the only melanoma prognostic test shown to be associated with improved patient survival.

"We are optimistic about continued commercial momentum in 2024 and will continue to focus on the needs of the patients and clinicians who drive our business."

Twelve Months Ended Dec. 31, 2023, Financial and Operational Highlights

Cash, Cash Equivalents and Marketable Investment Securities

As of Dec. 31, 2023, the Company's cash, cash equivalents and marketable investment securities totaled $243.1 million.

Fourth Quarter Ended Dec. 31, 2023, Financial and Operational Highlights

2024 Outlook

The Company anticipates generating between $235-240 million in total revenue in 2024.

Fourth Quarter and Recent Accomplishments and Highlights

Castle Biosciences will hold a conference call on Wednesday, Feb. 28, 2024, at 4:30 p.m. Eastern time to discuss its fourth quarter and full-year 2023 results and provide a corporate update.

A live webcast of the conference call can be accessed here: https://events.q4inc.com/attendee/610272350 or via the webcast link on the Investor Relations page of the Company's website, https://ir.castlebiosciences.com/overview/default.aspx. Please access the webcast at least 10 minutes before the conference call start time. An archive of the webcast will be available on the Company's website until March 20, 2024.

To access the live conference call via phone, please dial 833 470 1428 from the United States, or +1 404 975 4839 internationally, at least 10 minutes prior to the start of the call, using the conference ID 036526.

There will be a brief Question & Answer session following management commentary.

Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures (UNAUDITED)

In this release, we use the metrics of Adjusted Revenues, Adjusted Gross Margin and Adjusted EBITDA, which are non-GAAP financial measures and are not calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP). Adjusted Revenues and Adjusted Gross Margin reflect adjustments to GAAP net revenues to exclude net positive and/or net negative revenue adjustments recorded in the current period associated with changes in estimated variable consideration related to test reports delivered in previous periods. Adjusted Gross Margin further excludes acquisition-related intangible asset amortization. Adjusted EBITDA excludes from net loss: interest income, interest expense, income tax expense (benefit), depreciation and amortization expense, stock-based compensation expense, change in fair value of contingent consideration and acquisition related transaction costs.

We use Adjusted Revenues, Adjusted Gross Margin and Adjusted EBITDA internally because we believe these metrics provide useful supplemental information in assessing our revenue and operating performance reported in accordance with GAAP, respectively. We believe that Adjusted Revenues, when used in conjunction with our test report volume information, facilitates investors' analysis of our current-period revenue performance and average selling price performance by excluding the effects of revenue adjustments related to test reports delivered in prior periods, since these adjustments may not be indicative of the current or future performance of our business. We believe that providing Adjusted Revenues may also help facilitate comparisons to our historical periods. Adjusted Gross Margin is calculated using Adjusted Revenues and therefore excludes the impact of revenue adjustments related to test reports delivered in prior periods, which we believe is useful to investors as described above. We further exclude acquisition-related intangible asset amortization in the calculation of Adjusted Gross Margin. We believe that excluding acquisition-related intangible asset amortization may facilitate gross margin comparisons to historical periods and may be useful in assessing current-period performance without regard to the historical accounting valuations of intangible assets, which are applicable only to tests we acquired rather than internally developed. We believe Adjusted EBITDA may enhance an evaluation of our operating performance because it excludes the impact of prior decisions made about capital investment, financing, investing and certain expenses we believe are not indicative of our ongoing performance. However, these non-GAAP financial measures may be different from non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies, even when the same or similarly titled terms are used to identify such measures, limiting their usefulness for comparative purposes.

These non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or used as substitutes for net revenues, gross margin or net loss reported in accordance with GAAP; should be considered in conjunction with our financial information presented in accordance with GAAP; have no standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP; are unaudited; and are not prepared under any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles. In addition, from time to time in the future, there may be other items that we may exclude for purposes of these non-GAAP financial measures, and we may in the future cease to exclude items that we have historically excluded for purposes of these non-GAAP financial measures. Likewise, we may determine to modify the nature of adjustments to arrive at these non-GAAP financial measures. Because of the non-standardized definitions of non-GAAP financial measures, the non-GAAP financial measure as used by us in this press release and the accompanying reconciliation tables have limits in their usefulness to investors and may be calculated differently from, and therefore may not be directly comparable to, similarly titled measures used by other companies. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are presented in the tables at the end of this release.

About Castle Biosciences

Castle Biosciences (Nasdaq: CSTL) is a leading diagnostics company improving health through innovative tests that guide patient care. The Company aims to transform disease management by keeping people first: patients, clinicians, employees and investors.

Castle's current portfolio consists of tests for skin cancers, Barrett's esophagus, mental health conditions and uveal melanoma. Additionally, the Company has active research and development programs for tests in other diseases with high clinical need, including its test in development to help guide systemic therapy selection for patients with moderate-to-severe, atopic dermatitis, psoriasis and related conditions. To learn more, please visit www.CastleBiosciences.com and connect with us on LinkedIn, Facebook, X and Instagram.

DecisionDx-Melanoma, DecisionDx-CMSeq, DecisionDx-SCC, MyPath Melanoma, DiffDx-Melanoma, TissueCypher, IDgenetix, DecisionDx-UM, DecisionDx-PRAME and DecisionDx-UMSeq are trademarks of Castle Biosciences, Inc.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which are subject to the "safe harbor" created by those sections. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning our expectations regarding: (i) the potential of our tests to improve patient outcomes, including increased survival; (ii) our continued commercial momentum in 2024; (iii) the ability of DecisionDx-Melanoma to provide prognostic information about a patient's melanoma and improve patient care; (iv) the ability of DecisionDx-SCC to lead to substantial Medicare healthcare savings and to provide benefits related to reduced complications, a net improvement in health outcomes, reduced cost in the Medicare population and improved stratification of metastatic risk; (v) the ability of our TissueCypher BE test to guide risk-aligned upstaging of care; (vi) the ability of IDgenetix-guided medication management to significantly improve response and remission rates for patients with MDD; (vii) the potential for developing a minimally invasive test, complementary to DecisionDx-UM, to evaluate small, suspicious lesions of uncertain malignant potential in patients' eyes; and (viii) the ability of our pipeline test in development to distinguish between responders and non-responders to an AD therapy and also distinguish between AD, psoriasis and mycosis fungoides skin lesions. The words "anticipate," "can," "could," "expect," "goal," "may," "plan" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions, or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions and expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements that we make. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, including, without limitation: our assumptions or expectations regarding continued reimbursement for our DecisionDx-SCC test at the current rate and reimbursement for our other products and subsequent coverage decisions, our estimated total addressable markets for our products and product candidates and the related expenses, capital requirements and potential needs for additional financing, the anticipated cost, timing and success of our product candidates, and our plans to research, develop and commercialize new tests and our ability to successfully integrate new businesses, assets, products or technologies acquired through acquisitions, the effects of macroeconomic events and conditions, including inflation and monetary supply shifts, labor shortages, liquidity concerns at, and failures of, banks and other financial institutions or other disruptions in the banking system or financing markets and recession risks, supply chain disruptions, outbreaks of contagious diseases and geopolitical events (such as the ongoing Israel-Hamas War and Ukraine-Russia conflict), among others, on our business and our efforts to address its impact on our business; subsequent study or trial results and findings may contradict earlier study or trial results and findings or may not support the results discussed in this press release, including with respect to the tests discussed in this press release; our planned installation of additional equipment and supporting technology infrastructures and implementation of certain process efficiencies may not enable us to increase the future scalability of our TissueCypher Test; actual application of our tests may not provide the aforementioned benefits to patients; our newer gastroenterology and mental health franchises may not contribute to the achievement of our long-term financial targets as anticipated; and the risks set forth under the heading "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, each filed or to be filed with the SEC, and in our other filings with the SEC. The forward-looking statements are applicable only as of the date on which they are made, and we do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, except as may be required by law.

Stock-Based Compensation Expense

Stock-based compensation expense is included in the condensed consolidated statements of operations as follows (in thousands):

CASTLE BIOSCIENCES, INC.

Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures (UNAUDITED)

The table below presents the reconciliation of adjusted revenues and adjusted gross margin, which are non-GAAP financial measures. See "Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures (UNAUDITED)" above for further information regarding the Company's use of non-GAAP financial measures.

The table below presents the reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. See "Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures (UNAUDITED)" above for further information regarding the Company's use of non-GAAP financial measures.

Die Behrde hlt solche Informationen fr wichtig, damit Investoren entscheiden knnen, ob sie ihr Geld in ein Unternehmen stecken.

In ihrem Regelentwurf vor zwei Jahren schlug die SEC vor, Unternehmen zu verpflichten, Treibhausgasemissionen in drei Kategorien zu melden, darunter Scope 1, d.h. Emissionen, die ein Unternehmen durch seine eigenen Ttigkeiten erzeugt, und Scope 2, d.h. Emissionen, fr die das Unternehmen durch die Nutzung von Versorgungseinrichtungen und die Stromerzeugung verantwortlich ist.

Noch umstrittener war der Vorschlag der SEC, dass Unternehmen unter bestimmten Umstnden auch Scope-3-Emissionen einbeziehen sollten - also Emissionen, die in der Lieferkette eines Unternehmens entstehen, z.B. durch den Transport von Waren, Geschftsreisen und den Verbrauch von Produkten und Dienstleistungen durch Kunden.

Groe Lobbygruppen haben sich vehement gegen Scope 3 gewehrt und argumentiert, er sei bermig aufwndig und wrde wahrscheinlich keine aussagekrftigen Daten liefern. Beamte der SEC haben diesen Punkt aus dem Verordnungsvorschlag gestrichen.

Sie hat auch die ursprnglich obligatorischen Offenlegungspflichten der Scopes 1 und 2 abgeschwcht. Der jetzt vorliegende Entwurf sieht vor, dass diese Angaben nur dann erforderlich sind, wenn die Unternehmen sie fr wesentlich halten, so mit der Angelegenheit vertraute Personen.

Der ursprngliche Entwurf wrde Unternehmen auch dazu verpflichten, in ihren Finanzberichten offenzulegen, wenn sie durch "Klimaauswirkungen", wie z.B. Schden durch Unwetterereignisse oder Kosten fr die Dekarbonisierung ihrer Betriebe, um mehr als 1% belastet werden.

Dies hat auch heftigen Beschuss aus der Industrie hervorgerufen. In Kommentaren, die der SEC vorgelegt wurden, erklrten die Unternehmen, dass die Richtlinie nicht umsetzbar sei, da es noch keine geeigneten Bilanzierungsmethoden fr solche Auswirkungen gebe und die daraus resultierenden Daten nicht aussagekrftig seien.

Progressive und Finanzreformgruppen haben jedoch erklrt, dass eine solche Offenlegung praktikabel und hilfreich wre.

OFFENLEGUNG VON RISIKEN

Der Vorschlag wrde Unternehmen auch dazu verpflichten, eine Reihe anderer risikobezogener Informationen offenzulegen, z.B. wie die Vorstnde mit Klimarisiken umgehen, wie sich diese Risiken auf das Geschft der Unternehmen auswirken knnten, ihre Geschftsmodelle, Unternehmensstrategien und Geschftsaussichten.

Wenn Unternehmen Plne fr einen kohlenstoffarmen bergang haben oder Szenarien zur Analyse klimabezogener Risiken verwenden, mssten sie diese den Investoren ebenfalls beschreiben. (Berichterstattung von Douglas Gillison in Washington, Bearbeitung von Michelle Price und Matthew Lewis)

Comment la technologie de notification de baisse de prix rvolutionne notre faon de faire des achats en ligne

Dans un monde o l'conomie numrique prend de plus en plus d'ampleur, les consommateurs sont constamment  la recherche de moyens pour conomiser sur leurs achats en ligne. L'extension Chrome/Edge Simple Price Alerts se prsente comme une solution innovante, permettant aux utilisateurs d'tre automatiquement avertis d'une baisse de prix sur des plateformes majeures telles qu'Amazon, AliExpress, Banggood, eBay, Geekbuying, et Rakuten. Cette astuce peut s'avrer particulirement utile dans le cadre de l'achat de produits technologiques avancs, comme le smartphone Doogee V31GT quip d'une camra thermique et d'un objectif principal de 50 mgapixels signe SONY.

Le smartphone Doogee V31GT reprsente une avance significative dans le domaine de la photographie mobile avec sa configuration photo avance. Dot d'un objectif principal de 50 mgapixels signe SONY, d'un objectif nocturne de 24 mgapixels, d'une camra thermique, et d'une camra fusion de 8MP, ce tlphone est un outil puissant pour capturer des images dans presque toutes les conditions. La prsence d'une camra frontale de 32MP pour les selfies renforce encore son attrait.

Outre ses capacits photographiques, le Doogee V31GT brille par sa robustesse et son autonomie. Avec une batterie de 10800mAh supportant une charge rapide de 66W, ainsi qu'un processeur Dimensity 1080  huit curs, ce smartphone promet performance et durabilit. Sa compatibilit avec la norme WiFi 6 et son cran de 6,58 pouces FHD+  120Hz, sous Android 13, compltent un tableau dj trs attractif.

Actuellement en promotion  480.89 euros sur Banggood, le Doogee V31GT est accessible sans coupon de rduction. C'est une occasion en or pour ceux qui cherchent  acqurir un smartphone de pointe  un prix comptitif. Toutefois, il est important de noter que cette vente flash est limite en stock, soulignant l'importance d'agir rapidement pour bnficier de cette offre.

Le succs de Banggood dans l'hexagone n'est pas un hasard. En proposant des objets hauts de gamme  des prix souvent plus avantageux que ses concurrents traditionnels, ce marchand international s'est fait une place de choix parmi les gants du e-commerce. Sa capacit  offrir une large gamme de produits, allant des tlphones portables aux drones et  la maison connecte, fait de Banggood une destination incontournable pour les amateurs de technologie.

DELAWARE, Ohio, Feb. 28, 2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Greif, Inc. (NYSE: GEF, GEF.B), a global leader in industrial packaging products and services, today announced first quarter 2024 results.

"Greif once again has produced solid financial results in a challenging operating environment," said Ole Rosgaard, President and Chief Executive Officer of Greif. "Our team continues to navigate this extended slow demand environment, while making structural improvements to the business under our Build to Last Strategy. We will continue to focus on controlling what we can control while we invest for the future as we approach closing the Ipackchem acquisition and advance other exciting strategic initiatives."

Build to Last Mission Progress

Our customer satisfaction index (CSI) is a key metric we utilize to ensure continued customer service excellence, with a long-term goal of a CSI score greater than 95.0. Our consolidated CSI score was 93.3 at the end of the first quarter 2024. The CSI score for the Paper Packaging & Services business segment was 92.7 and for the Global Industrial Packaging segment was 94.0. We thank our customers for their continued feedback, which is critical to helping us achieve our vision to be the best performing customer service company in the world, and we are proud to continue to earn positive feedback from our customers during a difficult global operating environment.

We were pleased to announce in January the initial launch of our new customer digital portal. This digital platform was developed in collaboration with our customers and is designed to drive Legendary Customer Service through an enhanced customer experience and streamlined order interface. The portal is currently available for customers serviced from several of our US-based facilities, with the intention to make further enhancements and deploy it in U.S. operations and then globally.

As part of our ongoing efforts to Protect Our Future, we announced in January a partnership with Ionkraft, a German-based startup that has developed a unique, chemically inert and fully recyclable barrier technology for plastic containers. This partnership is designed to explore a game-changing innovation in packaging that will enable us to better serve our broad customer base in the Agrochemical industry and other industries.

Note: A reconciliation of the differences between all non-GAAP financial measures used in this release with the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures is included in the financial schedules that are a part of this release. These non-GAAP financial measures are intended to supplement and should be read together with our financial results. They should not be considered an alternative or substitute for, and should not be considered superior to, our reported financial results. Accordingly, users of this financial information should not place undue reliance on these non-GAAP financial measures.

Segment Results (all results compared to the first quarter of 2023 unless otherwise noted)

Net sales are impacted mainly by the volume of primary products sold, selling prices and product mix, and the impact of changes in foreign currencies against the U.S. Dollar. The table below shows the percentage impact of each of these items on net sales for our primary products for the first quarter of 2024 as compared to the prior year quarter for the business segments with manufacturing operations. Net sales from Lee Container, Centurion Container, ColePak and Reliance's primary products are not included in the table below, but will be included in their respective segments starting in the upcoming second quarter for Lee Container, third quarter for Centurion Container and first quarter of fiscal 2025 for ColePak and Reliance.

Global Industrial Packaging

Net sales decreased by $19.2 million to $686.6 million primarily due to lower volumes and lower average selling prices, partially offset by the full-quarter contribution from recent acquisitions.

Gross profit increased by $10.0 million to $135.3 million. The increase in gross profit was primarily due to lower raw material costs, partially offset by the same factors that impacted net sales and higher labor costs.

Operating profit increased by $5.0 million to $50.9 million primarily due to the same factors that impacted gross profit and lower integration costs, partially offset by higher SG&A expenses. Adjusted EBITDA decreased by $0.9 million to $70.9 million primarily due to higher SG&A expenses and higher foreign currency translation losses, partially offset by the same factors that impacted gross profit.

Paper Packaging & Services

Net sales decreased by $45.6 million to $514.6 million primarily due to lower volumes and lower average selling prices, partially offset by the full-quarter contribution from recent acquisitions.

Gross profit decreased by $39.8 million to $84.4 million. The decrease in gross profit was primarily due to the same factors that impacted net sales, partially offset by lower transportation and manufacturing costs.

Operating profit decreased by $92.3 million to $16.8 million primarily due to the same factors that impacted gross profit and the $54.6 million gain from the divestiture of Tama Paperboard, LLC during the first quarter of 2023. Adjusted EBITDA decreased by $35.2 million to $55.5 million primarily due to the same factors that impacted gross profit.

Tax Summary

During the first quarter, we recorded an income tax rate of negative 107.3 percent and a tax rate excluding the impact of adjustments of negative 85.1 percent resulting from one-time discrete tax benefits of $48.1 million related to the recognition of deferred tax assets due to the onshoring of certain non-U.S. intangible property. Note that the application of FIN 18 frequently causes fluctuations in our quarterly effective tax rates. For fiscal 2024, we expect our tax rate to range between 6.0 to 10.0 percent and our tax rate excluding adjustments to range between 8.0 to 12.0 percent.

Dividend Summary

On February 26, 2024, the Board of Directors declared quarterly cash dividends of $0.52 per share of Class A Common Stock and $0.78 per share of Class B Common Stock. Dividends are payable on April 1, 2024, to stockholders of record at the close of business on March 18, 2024.

Company Outlook

Given the deterioration of product demand in the past year and the degree of uncertainty in the forward looking macro-economic environment, we continue to be unable to determine the trajectory of product demand for the remainder of the fiscal year. As a result, we are providing only a low-end guidance estimate that is based on the continuation of demand trends we observed in the past year and the current price/cost factors in the Paper Packaging and Services business segment. The low-end guidance estimate does not factor in any contribution from the proposed acquisition of Ipackchem.

Note: Fiscal 2024 net income guidance, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure to Adjusted EBITDA, is not provided in this release due to the potential for one or more of the following, the timing and magnitude of which we are unable to reliably forecast: gains or losses on the disposal of businesses or properties, plants and equipment, net; non-cash asset impairment charges due to unanticipated changes in the business; restructuring-related activities; acquisition and integration related costs; and ongoing initiatives under our Build to Last strategy. No reconciliation of the 2024 low-end guidance of Adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure which excludes restructuring charges, acquisition and integration related costs, non-cash asset impairment charges, (gain) loss on the disposal of properties, plants, equipment and businesses, net, and fiscal year-end change costs, is included in this release because, due to the high variability and difficulty in making accurate forecasts and projections of some of the excluded information, together with some of the excluded information not being ascertainable or accessible, we are unable to quantify certain amounts that would be required to be included in net income, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, without unreasonable efforts. A reconciliation of the 2024 low-end guidance of adjusted free cash flow to fiscal 2024 forecasted net cash provided by operating activities, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, is included in this release.

Conference Call

The Company will host a conference call to discuss first quarter 2024 results on February 29, 2024, at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time (ET). Participants may access the call using the following online registration link: https://register.vevent.com/register/BI84fb37f183b64627b68c23a0fc68bd49. Registrants will receive a confirmation email containing dial in details and a unique conference call code for entry. Phone lines will open at 8:00 a.m. ET on February 29, 2024. A digital replay of the conference call will be available two hours following the call on the Company's web site at http://investor.greif.com.

Investor Relations contact information

Matt Leahy, Vice President, Corporate Development & Investor Relations, 740-549-6158. Matthew.Leahy@Greif.com

About Greif

Greif is a global leader in industrial packaging products and services and is pursuing its vision: to be the best performing customer service company in the world. The Company produces steel, plastic and fibre drums, intermediate bulk containers, reconditioned containers, jerrycans and other small plastics, containerboard, uncoated recycled paperboard, coated recycled paperboard, tubes and cores and a diverse mix of specialty products. The Company also manufactures packaging accessories and provides filling, packaging and other services for a wide range of industries. In addition, Greif manages timber properties in the southeastern United States. The Company is strategically positioned in over 35 countries to serve global as well as regional customers. Additional information is on the Company's website at www.greif.com.

Forward-Looking Statements

This release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The words "may," "will," "expect," "intend," "estimate," "anticipate," "aspiration," "objective," "project," "believe," "continue," "on track" or "target" or the negative thereof and similar expressions, among others, identify forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are based on assumptions, expectations and other information currently available to management. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in forward-looking statements have a reasonable basis, the Company can give no assurance that these expectations will prove to be correct. Such forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those forecasted, projected or anticipated, whether expressed or implied.

Such risks and uncertainties that might cause a difference include, but are not limited to, the following: (i) historically, our business has been sensitive to changes in general economic or business conditions, (ii) our global operations subject us to political risks, instability and currency exchange that could adversely affect our results of operations, (iii) the current and future challenging global economy and disruption and volatility of the financial and credit markets may adversely affect our business, (iv) the continuing consolidation of our customer base and suppliers may intensify pricing pressure, (v) we operate in highly competitive industries, (vi) our business is sensitive to changes in industry demands and customer preferences, (vii) raw material, price fluctuations, global supply chain disruptions and increased inflation may adversely impact our results of operations, (viii) energy and transportation price fluctuations and shortages may adversely impact our manufacturing operations and costs, (ix) we may encounter difficulties or liabilities arising from acquisitions or divestitures, (x) we may incur additional rationalization costs and there is no guarantee that our efforts to reduce costs will be successful, (xi) several operations are conducted by joint ventures that we cannot operate solely for our benefit, (xii) certain of the agreements that govern our joint ventures provide our partners with put or call options, (xiii) our ability to attract, develop and retain talented and qualified employees, managers and executives is critical to our success, (xiv) our business may be adversely impacted by work stoppages and other labor relations matters, (xv) we may be subject to losses that might not be covered in whole or in part by existing insurance reserves or insurance coverage and general insurance premium and deductible increases, (xvi) our business depends on the uninterrupted operations of our facilities, systems and business functions, including our information technology and other business systems, (xvii) a cyber-attack or a security breach involving customer, employee, supplier or Company information and data privacy risks and costs of compliance with new regulations may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, (xviii) we could be subject to changes to our tax rates, the adoption of new U.S. or foreign tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities, (xix) we have a significant amount of goodwill and long-lived assets which, if impaired in the future, would adversely impact our results of operations, (xx) changing climate, global climate change regulations and greenhouse gas effects may adversely affect our operations and financial performance, (xxi) we may be unable to achieve our greenhouse gas emission reduction targets by 2030, (xxii) legislation/regulation related to environmental and health and safety matters and corporate social responsibility could negatively impact our operations and financial performance, (xxiii) product liability claims and other legal proceedings could adversely affect our operations and financial performance, and (xxiv) we may incur fines or penalties, damage to our reputation or other adverse consequences if our employees, agents or business partners violate, or are alleged to have violated, anti-bribery, competition or other laws.

The risks described above are not all-inclusive, and given these and other possible risks and uncertainties, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. For a detailed discussion of the most significant risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those forecasted, projected or anticipated, see "Risk Factors" in Part I, Item 1A of our most recently filed Form 10-K and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

All forward-looking statements made in this news release are expressly qualified in their entirety by reference to such risk factors. Except to the limited extent required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

EBITDA is defined as net income, plus interest expense, net, plus income tax expense, plus depreciation, depletion and amortization. However, because the Company does not calculate net income by segment, this table calculates EBITDA by segment with reference to operating profit by segment, which, as demonstrated in the table of Consolidated EBITDA, is another method to achieve the same result. See the reconciliations in the table of Segment EBITDA.

Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income, plus interest expense, net, plus income tax expense, plus depreciation, depletion and amortization expense, plus restructuring charges, plus acquisition and integration related costs, plus non-cash asset impairment charges, plus (gain) loss on disposal of properties, plants and equipment, net, plus (gain) loss on disposal of businesses, net, plus fiscal year-end change costs.

Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income, plus interest expense, net, plus income tax expense, plus depreciation, depletion and amortization expense, plus restructuring charges, plus acquisition and integration related costs, plus non-cash asset impairment charges, plus (gain) loss on disposal of properties, plants and equipment, net, plus (gain) loss on disposal of businesses, net, plus fiscal year-end change costs. However, because the Company does not calculate net income by segment, this table calculates adjusted EBITDA by segment with reference to operating profit by segment, which, as demonstrated in the table of consolidated adjusted EBITDA, is another method to achieve the same result.

Adjusted free cash flow is defined as net cash provided by operating activities, less cash paid for purchases of properties, plants and equipment, plus cash paid for acquisition and integration related costs, plus cash paid for integration related ERP systems and equipment.

Cash paid for integration related ERP systems and equipment is defined as cash paid for ERP systems and equipment required to bring the acquired facilities to Greif's standards.

The impact of income tax expense and non-controlling interest on each adjustment is calculated based on tax rates and ownership percentages specific to each applicable entity.

Adjustments to EBITDA are specified by the 2022 Credit Agreement and include certain timberland gains, equity earnings of unconsolidated affiliates, net of tax, certain acquisition savings, deferred financing costs, capitalized interest, income and expense in connection with asset dispositions, and other items.

Adjustments to net debt are specified by the 2022 Credit Agreement and include the European accounts receivable program, letters of credit, and balances for swap contracts.

WOODCLIFF LAKE, N.J., Feb. 28, 2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Powerfleet, Inc. (Nasdaq: PWFL) and MiX Telematics Limited (NYSE: MIXT, JSE: MIX) today announced they have received shareholder approval on the proposals related to the previously announced business combination between the parties.

The transaction is expected to close the first week of April 2024, subject to the satisfaction of remaining customary conditions. Upon closing, the combined business will be branded as Powerfleet, with its primary listing on Nasdaq.

"With the continued support from our shareholders, we are thrilled to announce their approval of our transformative combination with MiX," said Steve Towe, Powerfleet's Chief Executive Officer, who will continue serving as CEO of the combined Powerfleet company. "We expect the business combination will establish Powerfleet as a top-tier, global AIoT SaaS company, paving the way for accelerated growth in recurring revenues, expanded profitability, and enhanced investor value creation opportunities."

Upcoming events where the combination will be discussed further include Powerfleet's Q4 2023 earnings call on March 12, 2024, and the 36 Annual ROTH Conference from March 17-19 2024.

ABOUT POWERFLEET

Powerfleet (Nasdaq: PWFL; TASE: PWFL) is a global leader of internet of things (IoT) software-as-a-service (SaaS) solutions that optimize the performance of mobile assets and resources to unify business operations. Our data science insights and advanced modular software solutions help drive digital transformation through our customers' and partners' ecosystems to help save lives, time, and money. We help connect companies, enabling customers and their customers to realize more effective strategies and results. Powerfleet's tenured and talented team is at the heart of our approach to partnership and tangible success. The company is headquartered in Woodcliff Lake, New Jersey, with our Pointer Innovation Center (PIC) in Israel and field offices around the globe. For more information, please visit www.powerfleet.com.

ABOUT MIX TELEMATICS

MiX Telematics is a leading global provider of fleet and mobile asset management solutions delivered as SaaS to over 1 million global subscribers spanning more than 120 countries. The company's products and services provide enterprise fleets, small fleets, and consumers with efficiency, safety, compliance, and security solutions. MiX Telematics was founded in 1996 and has offices in South Africa, the United Kingdom, the United States, Uganda, Brazil, Mexico and Australasia as well as a network of more than 130 fleet partners worldwide. MiX Telematics shares are publicly traded on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange ("JSE") (JSE: MIX) and the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: MIXT). For more information, visit www.mixtelematics.com.

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Powerfleet's, MiX's and the combined business's actual results may differ from their expectations, estimates and projections and consequently, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as "expect," "estimate," "project," "budget," "forecast," "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "may," "will," "could," "should," "believes," "predicts," "potential," "continue," and similar expressions.

These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, the parties' expectations with respect to their beliefs, plans, goals, objectives, expectations, anticipations, assumptions, estimates, intentions and future performance, as well as anticipated financial impacts of the proposed transaction, the satisfaction of the closing conditions to the proposed transaction and the timing of the completion of the proposed transaction. Forward-looking statements involve significant known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause their actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from the future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be forward-looking statements. Most of these factors are outside the parties' control and are difficult to predict. The risks and uncertainties referred to above include, but are not limited to, risks related to: (i) the completion of the proposed transaction in the anticipated timeframe or at all; (ii) the satisfaction of the closing conditions to the proposed transaction including, but not limited to, the ability to obtain financing; (iii) the failure to obtain necessary regulatory approvals; (iv) the ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction; (v) the ability to successfully integrate the businesses; (vi) disruption from the proposed transaction making it more difficult to maintain business and operational relationships; (vii) the negative effects of the announcement of the proposed transaction or the consummation of the proposed transaction on the market price of the combined company's securities; (viii) significant transaction costs and unknown liabilities; (ix) litigation or regulatory actions related to the proposed transaction; and (x) such other factors as are set forth in the periodic reports filed by MiX and Powerfleet with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), including but not limited to those described under the heading "Risk Factors" in their annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and any other filings made with the SEC from time to time, which are available via the SEC's website at http://www.sec.gov. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those indicated or anticipated by these forward-looking statements. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements.

The forward-looking statements included in this press release are made only as of the date of this press release, and except as otherwise required by applicable securities law, neither MiX nor Powerfleet assumes any obligation, nor do they intend to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances.

NO OFFER OR SOLICITATION

This communication shall not constitute an offer to buy or sell any securities, or the solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offer of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT

The Independent Board of MiX Telematics (to the extent that the information relates to MiX Telematics) collectively and individually accept responsibility for the information contained in this announcement and certify that, to the best of their knowledge and belief, the information contained in this announcement relating to MiX Telematics is true and this announcement does not omit anything that is likely to affect the importance of such information.

The board of directors of PowerFleet (to the extent that the information relates to PowerFleet) collectively and individually accept responsibility for the information contained in this announcement and certify that to the best of their knowledge and belief, the information contained in this announcement relating to PowerFleet is true and this announcement does not omit anything that is likely to affect the importance of such information.

ALISO VIEJO, Calif., Feb. 28, 2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- RxSight, Inc., an ophthalmic medical device company dedicated to providing high-quality customized vision to patients following cataract surgery, today reported financial results for the three months and full year ended December 31, 2023.

Key Quarterly and Full Year Highlights

"We are very thankful to all our partner doctors and practices for joining with the RxSight team to consistently deliver high-quality vision across a range of distances," said Ron Kurtz, CEO and President of RxSight. "As we step into 2024, we aim to expand our ability to optimize premium cataract surgery by unlocking the full potential of adjustable technology for patients."

Fourth Quarter Financial Results

In the fourth quarter of 2023, total revenue was $28.6 million, an increase of 78% compared to the fourth quarter of 2022. Revenue growth was driven by a 52% increase in LDD revenue and a 98% increase in LAL revenue compared to the fourth quarter of 2022.

Gross profit for the fourth quarter of 2023 was $17.7 million or 62% of revenue, an increase of $10.2 million or 138% compared to gross profit of $7.4 million or 46% of revenue for the fourth quarter of 2022. The increase in gross profit was due to a favorable product mix from a greater percentage of revenue from LAL sales and sales of the LDD with a lower cost to manufacture and a higher average selling price.

Total operating expenses for the fourth quarter of 2023 were $28.5 million, a 27% increase from $22.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2022, reflecting the company's ongoing investments to grow its LDD installed base and support increased LAL procedure volumes.

In the fourth quarter of 2023, the company reported a net loss of $(9.2) million, or $(0.26) per basic and diluted share, compared to a net loss of $(15.6) million, or $(0.56) per share on a basic and diluted basis in the fourth quarter of 2022. Adjusted net loss in the fourth quarter of 2023 was $(4.8) million, or $(0.13) per basic and diluted share, compared to an adjusted net loss of $(12.6) million, or $(0.45) per basic and diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2022.

Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments as of December 31, 2023, were $127.2 million.

Fiscal Year 2023 Financial Results

Full-year 2023 total revenue was $89.1 million, an increase of 82% compared to the full year of 2022. The increase in 2023 revenue was driven by a 43% increase in LDD revenue and a 117% increase in LAL revenue compared to 2022.

Gross profit for the full year of 2023 was $53.8 million, or 60% of revenue compared to gross profit of $21.3 million, or 44% of revenue for the full year of 2022. The increase in gross profit was due to a favorable product mix from a greater percentage of revenue from LAL sales and increased margins on the LDD introduced during the third quarter of 2023.

Total operating expenses for the full year of 2023 were $103.9 million, a 23% increase from $84.6 million for the full year of 2022. The increase was primarily driven by a higher headcount in sales and marketing to support the growth of the business, costs of operating as a public company and an increase of $4.1 million in non-cash stock-based compensation expense.

In 2023, net loss was $(48.6) million, or $(1.41) per share on a basic and diluted basis compared to a net loss of $(66.8) million, or $(2.41) per share on a basic and diluted basis in 2022. Adjusted net loss was $(31.1) million, or $(0.90) per share on a basic and diluted basis, in 2023, compared to an adjusted net loss of $(55.4) million, or $(2.00) per share on a basic and diluted basis in 2022.

2024 Guidance

The company is reiterating guidance for full-year 2024 revenue, gross profit margin, and operating expenses:

Conference Call

On Wednesday, February 28, 2024, at 1:30 p.m. Pacific Time, the company will host a conference call to discuss its fourth quarter 2023 and full year 2023 financial results. Participants may register for the call and listen through a live and archived webcast of the event available for one year at https://investors.rxsight.com/. While not required, it is recommended participants join ten minutes prior to the event start time to ensure the necessary audio applications are downloaded and installed. Instructions are provided (including a dial-in option).

2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders

RxSight, Inc. today announced that the Company's Annual Meeting of Stockholders will be held on June 6, 2024, virtually. The Company's Board of Directors set April 8, 2024, as the record date for the Annual Meeting.

About RxSight, Inc.

RxSight, Inc. is an ophthalmic medical device company dedicated to providing high-quality customized vision to patients following cataract surgery. The RxSight Light Adjustable Lens system, comprised of the RxSight Light Adjustable Lens (LAL), RxSight Light Delivery Device (LDD) and accessories, is the first and only commercially available intraocular lens (IOL) technology that can be adjusted after surgery enabling doctors to customize and deliver high-quality vision to patients after cataract surgery. Additional information about RxSight can be found at www.rxsight.com.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, with respect to: the Company's ability to deliver high-quality vision across a range of distances; the Company's ability to optimize premium cataract surgery; and the Company's projected revenue, gross margin, and operating expenses for 2024. Such statements relate to future events or our future financial performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our or our industry's actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed, implied or inferred by these forward-looking statements, and among other things, our ability to maintain cash balances and successfully commercialize or partner our product candidates currently under development. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as "may," "will," "should," "could," "would," "expects," "plans," "intends," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "predicts," "projects," "potential," or "continue" or the negative of such terms and other same terminology. These statements are only predictions based on our current expectations and projections about future events. You should not place undue reliance on these statements. Actual events or results may differ materially. In evaluating these statements, you should specifically consider various factors. These and other factors may cause our actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement. We undertake no obligation to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this press release to conform those statements to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by applicable law.

To supplement our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements presented under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ("GAAP"), we believe certain non-GAAP measures, including adjusted net loss, and adjusted net loss per share, basic and diluted, provide useful information to investors and are useful in evaluating our operating performance. For example, we exclude stock-based compensation expense and loss on extinguishment of debt because these expenses are non-cash in nature and we believe excluding these items provides meaningful supplemental information regarding our operational performance and allows investors the ability to make more meaningful comparisons between our operating results and those of other companies.

We believe that non-GAAP financial information, when taken collectively, may be helpful to investors because it provides consistency and comparability with past financial performance. However, non-GAAP financial information is presented for supplemental informational purposes only, has limitations as an analytical tool and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. In addition, other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate similarly titled non-GAAP measures differently or may use other measures to evaluate their performance. A reconciliation is provided below for each non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable financial measure stated in accordance with GAAP. Investors are encouraged to review the related GAAP financial measures and the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, and not to rely on any single financial measure to evaluate our business.

Adjusted Net Loss and Adjusted Net Loss Per Share

Adjusted net loss is a non-GAAP financial measure that we define as net loss adjusted for (i) stock-based compensation and (ii) loss on extinguishment of term loan. We believe adjusted net loss provides investors with useful information on period-to-period performance as evaluated by management and comparison with our past financial performance and is useful in evaluating our operating performance compared to that of other companies in our industry, as this metric generally eliminates the effects of certain items that may vary from company to company for reasons unrelated to overall operating performance.

Reconciliations of net loss to adjusted net loss and the presentation of adjusted net loss per share, basic and diluted, are as follows:

ANALYST RECOMMENDATIONS : Amex, Apollo Global Management, Crowdstrike, Workday, Abrdn...

Every morning, find a selection of analysts' recommendations covering North America and the UK. The list only includes companies that have been the subject of a change of opinion or price target, or of a new coverage. It may be updated during the session. This information can be used to shed light on movements in certain stocks or on market sentiment towards a company.

Mann told a Financial Times event that those on higher incomes who still had money for discretionary purchases, even with higher mortgage costs, were spending "disproportionately" on travel, eating out and entertainment.

That meant services inflation was not falling fast enough to bring inflation back to the BoE's 2% target even though energy prices were easing and goods prices were largely flat.

"Consumers discipline what firms can price - they can't pay for it ... or they choose not to," the FT quoted Mann as saying. "There is not a lot of consumer discipline on a large enough fraction of categories of services to represent active deceleration in services price inflation."

She said this was part of the challenge for the BoE's Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) as it seeks to return inflation sustainably to the target using the "single tool" of the benchmark interest rate, the FT reported.

The BoE forecasts inflation on a year-over-year basis will fall from 4% last month to its 2% target in the second quarter of this year, but then will rise towards 3% at the end of 2024 as the disinflationary impact of lower natural gas prices fades.

Mann was one of two members of the BoE's MPC to vote this month for a further increase in interest rates due to ongoing inflation risks.

(Reporting by Kylie MacLellan; Editing by Paul Simao)

- Q4 2023 Net Income of $14.6 Million, or $2.16 per Diluted Share -

- Full Year 2023 Net Income of $50.6 Million, or $7.39 per Diluted Share -

VANCOUVER, Wash. , Feb. 28, 2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Barrett Business Services, Inc. ("BBSI" or the "Company") (NASDAQ: BBSI), a leading provider of business management solutions, reported financial results for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2023.

Fourth Quarter 2023 Financial Summary vs. Prior Year Quarter

Full Year 2023 Financial Summary vs. 2022

"2023 was another year of significant accomplishments and solid execution for BBSI," said BBSI President and CEO, Gary Kramer. "During the year, we experienced consistent momentum in our sales pipeline, bringing in a record number of new WSEs from new customer additions, and we continued the trend of strong client retention. These results underscore our compelling product, now enhanced with a health benefits offering, and increased effectiveness in our sales and marketing efforts. We expect the momentum of strong controllable growth to continue into 2024 as our value proposition continues to improve."

Fourth Quarter 2023 Financial Results

Revenues in the fourth quarter of 2023 increased 2% to $276.7 million compared to $272.0 million in the fourth quarter of 2022.

Total gross billings in the fourth quarter increased 5% to $2.05 billion compared to $1.95 billion in the same year-ago quarter (see "Key Performance Metrics" below). The increase was driven by growth in PEO services, specifically increased WSEs from net new clients and higher average billings per WSE, offset in part by reductions in WSEs at existing clients.

Workers' compensation expense as a percent of gross billings was 2.6% in the fourth quarter of 2023 and benefited from favorable prior year liability and premium adjustments of $5.4 million. This compares to 3.0% in the fourth quarter of 2022, which included favorable prior year liability and premium adjustments of $0.6 million.

Net income for the fourth quarter of 2023 increased to $14.6 million, or $2.16 per diluted share, compared to $11.5 million, or $1.64 per diluted share, in the year-ago quarter.

Full Year 2023 Financial Results

Revenues in 2023 increased 1% to $1.07 billion compared to $1.05 billion in 2022.

Total gross billings in 2023 increased 4% to $7.72 billion compared to $7.39 billion in 2022 (see "Key Performance Metrics" below). The increase was primarily due to an increase in average WSEs and higher average billings per WSE, offset in part by reductions in WSEs at existing clients.

Workers' compensation expense as a percent of gross billings was 2.7% in 2023 and benefited from favorable prior year liability and premium adjustments of $14.9 million. This compares to 2.9% in 2022, which included favorable prior year liability and premium adjustments of $13.4 million.

Net income in 2023 increased to $50.6 million, or $7.39 per diluted share, compared to $47.3 million, or $6.54 per diluted share, in 2022.

Liquidity

As of December 31, 2023, unrestricted cash and investments were $152.2 million compared to $129.2 million at September 30, 2023. BBSI remained debt free at year end.

Capital Allocation

BBSI's board of directors has confirmed its regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.30 per share. The cash dividend will be paid on March 28, 2024, to all stockholders of record as of March 15, 2024.

Continuing under the Company's stock repurchase program established in July 2023, BBSI repurchased 45,800 shares in the fourth quarter at an average price of $111.38. At December 31, 2023, approximately $59.0 million remained available under the repurchase program.

In total in 2023, BBSI repurchased more than $34 million of stock at an average price of $91.15 per share. The Company also paid over $8 million in dividends for the year, bringing total capital returned to shareholders in 2023 to more than $42 million.

BBSI will conduct a conference call on Wednesday, February 28, 2024, at 5:00 p.m. Eastern time (2:00 p.m. Pacific time) to discuss its financial results for the year ended December 31, 2023.

BBSI's CEO Gary Kramer and CFO Anthony Harris will host the conference call, followed by a question and answer period.

Date: Wednesday, February 28, 2024

Time: 5:00 p.m. Eastern time (2:00 p.m. Pacific time)

Toll-free dial-in number: 1-877-407-4018

International dial-in number: 1-201-689-8471

Conference ID: 13744439

Please call the conference telephone number 5-10 minutes prior to the start time. An operator will register your name and organization. If you have any difficulty connecting with the conference call, please contact Gateway Investor Relations at 1-949-574-3860.

The conference call will be broadcast live and available for replay here and via the Investors section of the BBSI website at ir.bbsi.com.

A replay of the conference call will be available after 8:00 p.m. Eastern time on the same day through March 28, 2024.

We report PEO revenues net of direct payroll costs because we are not the primary obligor for wage payments to our clients' employees. However, management believes that gross billings and wages are useful in understanding the volume of our business activity and serve as important performance metrics in managing our operations, including the preparation of internal operating forecasts and establishing executive compensation performance goals. We therefore present for purposes of analysis gross billings and wage information for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2023 and 2022.

In monitoring and evaluating the performance of our operations, management also reviews the following ratios, which represent selected amounts as a percentage of gross billings. Management believes these ratios are useful in understanding the efficiency and profitability of our service offerings.

We refer to employees of our PEO clients as WSEs. Management reviews average and ending WSE growth to monitor and evaluate the performance of our operations. Average WSEs are calculated by dividing the number of unique individuals paid in each month by the number of months in the period. Ending WSEs represents the number of unique individuals paid in the last month of the period.

BBSI (NASDAQ: BBSI) is a leading provider of business management solutions, combining human resource outsourcing and professional management consulting to create a unique operational platform that differentiates it from competitors. The Company's integrated platform is built upon expertise in payroll processing, employee benefits, workers' compensation coverage, risk management and workplace safety programs, and human resource administration. BBSI's partnerships help businesses of all sizes improve the efficiency of their operations. For more information, please visit www.bbsi.com.

Forward-Looking Statements

Statements in this release about future events and financial outlook are forward-looking statements. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results of the Company to be materially different from any future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could affect future results include: economic conditions in the Company's service areas; the lingering effects of the COVID-19 pandemic; the effects of inflation on our operating expenses and those of our clients; the availability of certain fully insured medical and other health and welfare benefits to qualifying worksite employees; the effect of changes in the Company's mix of services on gross margin; the Company's ability to attract and retain clients and to achieve revenue growth; the availability of financing or other sources of capital; the Company's relationship with its primary bank lender; the potential for material deviations from expected future workers' compensation claims experience; changes in the workers' compensation regulatory environment in the Company's primary markets; litigation costs; security breaches or failures in the Company's information technology systems; the collectability of accounts receivable; changes in executive management; changes in effective payroll tax rates and federal and state income tax rates; the carrying value of deferred income tax assets and goodwill; the effects of conditions in the global capital markets on the Company's investment portfolio; and the potential for and effect of acquisitions, among others. Other important factors that may affect the Company's prospects are described in the Company's 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K and in subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Although forward-looking statements help to provide complete information about the Company, readers should keep in mind that forward-looking statements are less reliable than historical information. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements in this release to reflect events or changes in circumstances that occur after the date of this release.

